{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Training in Castlerock went better than the other day. Robert managed to hit the dummies five times accurately all in the course of two hours. While this was an improvement over the first day of training, as far as being of any use in combat is concerned, his magic was still a long way off. They also tried magic amplifying gloves the Defense Department had been working on. While these gloves made it easier as far as keeping fireballs from dissipating before they had a chance to reach their targets, they did nothing to assist in Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s accuracy. Nonetheless, he, Tiffany and Amaga did the best they could to stay positive.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The three of them decided to take a load off and joined Smoke for a night out on the town. They went to a comedy show at a club very close to the Temple, only about a block away. They later went out for dinner at a restaurant called Luloa, which was across the street from the Temple. The food was expensive but the portions were huge. Amaga didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t eat that much only because she was saving room for desert. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The waitress laid a large cheesecake in front of her. Robert and Tiffany were surprised as this was the first food since coming to Rulose Island they recognized from Earth other than the imitation food they were served on the airship and in the Temple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As soon as Amaga was about to dig in, there was a sudden panic all around them in the restaurant. People scattered all around the crowded dining hall. Screams rang out. Servers ran about as people bumped into each other. Robert, Tiffany, Amaga and Smoke suddenly stood up and looked around. Outside, they saw crowds of people running for their lives.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell is going on!?\u8221\'94 Robert cried out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Outside! Something is going on out there!\u8221\'94 Amaga said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They ran outside and stared in horror as a large cloud of smoke covered the upper stories of the Temple across the street and billowed out into the night sky. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One of the floors of the Temple is on fire!\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s way too much smoke for a normal fire. That floor has been bombed!\u8221\'94 Smoke said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which floor is it!?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t tell from here!\u8221\'94 Amaga said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Boooooooom!!! }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another explosion on another floor right below the floor that was on fire startled the already panicked citizens and caused Robert and the others to jump in shock. A fresh cloud of smoke floated out from the flame-lit shattered windows. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga punched a button on her watch. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father! Amaga here! Can you hear me!? Father! Father!?\u8221\'94 She punched another button on her watch. \u8220\'93Rebekah! This is Amaga, can you hear me!? Rebekah! Rebekah!\u8221\'94 She turned back to Robert and the gang. \u8220\'93Nothing!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Was this an assassination attempt? Robert didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to think the worst but the four of them started toward the Temple as many others were fleeing from it. As Robert and the crew got closer, they could hear the blaring alarm from the Temple with its emergency exit doors wide open. Heavily armed soldiers were guiding helpless Council members, government aides and Temple staff out of the building. The avenue nearby was completely blocked off and filled with a sea of panicked citizens. An aircraft hovered overhead. Robert looked up and saw through the windows of the aircraft the pilot, Father Quelatune, an individual they didn\u8217\'92t know and Rebekah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga ran up to one of the soldiers directing traffic. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! Why weren\u8217\'92t any of us notified of this!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our communications were all shut off!\u8221\'94 the soldier responded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga gasped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Impossible!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know how it happened either! But nobody\u8217\'92s intercoms work!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are the Kwans responsible for this!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Definitely,\u8221\'94 the soldier said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which floors got bombed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The medical facility where they treated you,\u8221\'94 the soldier responded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone was told they had to stay the night in hotels. No one was allowed back into the Temple for the next two days. The Burgundy Guard, overseen by Amaga, combed the entire Temple for more explosives into the wee hours of the morning two nights straight and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find anything else. The explosives used were typical explosives you\u8217\'92d find in any Kwan armory so this was no doubt a terrorist attack by the Kwans. They specifically targeted the two floors that were designated for Robert\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 operation and post-op recovery. Every other area of the Temple remained completely untouched. Even the elevator still functioned properly, but the two floors designated for the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project were completely destroyed. The }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project was a top secret project. There was no way the Kwans would have known about it but it was now obvious they did. But how?}}