{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany and Robert waited in their living room. It would only be a few more minutes until Amaga was scheduled to arrive. Tiffany was fixing tea on the stove. Neither of them had ever drank tea from another planet but they were about to try it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany poured a cup and took a sip. It was still hot but it was good. She poured Robert a cup and he liked it too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was then a knock at the door.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That must be her,\u8221\'94 she said as she walked over to the door and opened it. They were met by a tall, drop dead gorgeous young black woman with very dark skin, a fit, slender physique and a short fro. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You must be Amaga,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right. May I come in?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany invited her in. Robert nor Tiffany even knew this woman but the way she walked into their living room indicated she had a strong presence that commanded respect.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Have a seat,\u8221\'94 Robert said as Amaga sat down next to them. She smelled nice, too. Robert was kind of smitten.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So my brother Smoke is coming down here in a little bit,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Is that OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, Smoke is cool,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga cleared her throat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So Father Quelatune said that you guys wanted to arrange a meeting with me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did he tell you why?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I got bits and pieces. I take it you\u8217\'92re under the impression that Rebekah might be conspiring against us.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s just concerns that we have, that\u8217\'92s all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand. Does this have anything to do with her being a Kwan?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A little bit,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93On our way to this planet, we were attacked by Kwan hostiles in the Desert of Illusion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why yes, you were landing in a war zone on their home turf, Robert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But how did they know we were gonna be there? We were way out in space when they started showing up. Not only that, but Lemor-Ixa hijacked our box\u8217\'92s controls. How was she able to do that? It all just seems too convenient.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First of all, the boxes that we use for space travel have to be able to communicate from very far distances with Mission Control.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, because they have to be able to communicate with Mission Control from so far away, security from system hijacking has to be sacrificed. We just simply don\u8217\'92t have the technology, at least not yet, to implement heavy-handed defense from system hijacking with boxes because of how far they get from our planet yet still have to be able to communicate with Mission Control. The problem is that you guys had to land in Kwan territory so a landing signal was sent down to that area and that\u8217\'92s how the Kwans were able to detect you. It didn\u8217\'92t have anything to do with Rebekah. Anything Rebekah would have done in that box would have been recorded by Mission Control. Every keystroke of the controls inside every box we have as well as every ship we have is recorded and logged. If Rebekah pulled something treacherous, we\u8217\'92d have record of it. Father Quelatune and I checked all of her control data from that day right before I arrived here tonight and there was no record of any wrongdoing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s explanation was succinct, to the point and satisfactory for Robert. Maybe he was overreacting. He felt bad about blaming Rebekah but on the other hand, he was just being cautious. There\u8217\'92s nothing wrong with that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, Amaga, I\u8217\'92m glad you explained everything,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93I was just a little bit concerned, that\u8217\'92s all.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand. So Robert, how\u8217\'92s your recovery going?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It was tough at first but I\u8217\'92m feeling a lot better. You have any idea on exactly what kind of powers I\u8217\'92m gonna have?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga smiled and shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have no idea.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re the head of all military operations here, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That would be me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You also designed the X1?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She nodded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I sure did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The X1 is such an amazing ship,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga turned to Tiffany. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Tiff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The word on the street is that you\u8217\'92re the only pilot in this country Father Quelatune has seen whose better than I am.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re up for a little contest on the flight sim, I\u8217\'92m down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93If you\u8217\'92re the head of the defense department, that would basically make you my boss, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not exactly. You\u8217\'92re not a government official. You\u8217\'92re not even a citizen of this country. You\u8217\'92re not from this planet, remember?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They both laughed. She was so amazingly beautiful and smart, Robert thought to himself.}}