{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After about three and a half weeks, Robert began to report that he was feeling better and the dizziness had gone. He was able to find the strength to start going out again but he still had to report to the medical facility every afternoon and go to bed every night in their sleep study room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When is this gonna end?\u8221\'94 he whined one morning while still in bed hooked up to all kinds of monitors and machines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was sitting in a chair next to him. He had just woken up and the medical staff was fixing him breakfast. She took his hand as she fingered the plastic wristband that had his name and date of birth on it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re making it, Bob. I know this is tough. Just realize that you\u8217\'92re living your dream right now,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert closed his eyes, still tired. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope this is all worth it. I really do, Tiff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert wondered when he was actually going to start being able to use his new powers. He wondered what kind of powers he would have. He was always a big fan of comic book heroes who had magical powers. He also remembered watching Disney\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Fantasia}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  as a child and thought it was so cool how Micky Mouse was able to, as a magician, make mops and water buckets dance. He was so fascinated with the possibility of having such abilities, or so strung out on the medications and the sleep aid they were giving him to cope with all the side effects of the operation, that he asked Father Quelatune if he would be able to clean his apartment by making mops, buckets and bottles of all-purpose cleaner move about just by the mere gesture of his hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably not,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said with a gentle smile.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Dammit.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune took Robert and Tiffany on a tour of the Rulose Temple to help raise Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s spirits.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They visited Mission Control which consisted of the Network Station, a large room of several people working at advanced computer stations similar to NASA\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Mission Control, and the War Room, a large, sprawling hi-tech room of military strategists working on various projects on large tables of advanced computers and large screens. The head of Mission Control was Marxis, who assisted Robert and Tiffany on their trip from Earth. They were glad they finally got to meet him in person and thanked him again for all his help.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They visited the Intelligence Center which was not actually in the the main building of the Rulose Temple, but was in a very large separate building that could be reached by going down the elevator of the main building and taking a subway. There, they met Smoke, a tall, handsome bearded jet-black brother, master hacker and Director of Rulose Intelligence. Smoke, along with his older sister, Amaga, were not only human slave refugees but were human slave abolitionists. A few months after the cease-fire, they hijacked two Kwan slave ships in Amelrak, the Kwan Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s capital and largest city, and were able to safely bring 300 slaves to Rulose Island. Many Rulatians applauded their act of bravery but many Rulatians and members of the Council felt like it put the country at risk for retaliation by the Kwans. Father Quelatune appointed both Smoke and Amaga as members of his Cabinet. Many members of the Council were very much against this, but many others in the Temple took a liking to them. Smoke became particularly close to Rebekah\u8217\'92s son, Skyler, often babysitting him when Rebekah was busy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany wanted to get to know Smoke more as they were impressed by he and his sister\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heroic deeds. They met up with him at The Raindrop for lunch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s really an honor to meet you guys,\u8221\'94 Smoke said as the waitress laid large plates of fresh Pondrel, beans and rice before Tiffany and Robert. Robert quickly said grace and ate.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We heard about what you guys did. Robert and I were both really impressed by it. What was life like as a slave?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke sighed, reminiscing. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Kwans aren\u8217\'92t all bad people. A lot of the government leadership and the slaves\u8217\'92 taskmasters were, but the general population of Kwans are just normal people trying to survive. We were able to hijack those slave ships because one of the Kwan mechanics cut off the security systems for us. Most Kwans despise Queen Riptide and hate the fact that humans are being used as slaves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the head of Intelligence, right?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that would be me,\u8221\'94 Smoke answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That means you not only know about what\u8217\'92s going on outside of the country and what the Kwan Empire\u8217\'92s plans are, but also about what secret projects are going on within this government, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke eyed Robert suspiciously. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What exactly are you really asking of me, Robert?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Smoke, these people did a surgical operation on me after going all the way to Earth to come get me. We then, on our way back, end up getting ambushed by Kwan militants in the desert. How in the world did the Kwans know we were coming? How did the Kwans know we would end up having to land in the Desert of Illusion even though we were originally supposed to land here in Angelina?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, Robert\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then I find out from Tiffany that Rebekah is a Kwan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany interrupted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait a minute, Bob. I think you may be grasping at straws here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert turned to Tiffany who was sitting next to him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t find it a little too convenient?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look,\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93Rebekah\u8217\'92s not\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How easy is it to hack into a box?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lemor-Ixa hacked into the box. We were on our way back and had to do an emergency landing in the Desert of Illusion. Somehow, their general, Lemor-Ixa, was able to hack into the box and take over the controls. I asked Rebekah specifically if something like that had ever happened before and she said it hasn\u8217\'92t. Then she blamed Tiffany for why this all occurred, possibly to take the blame off herself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re being really presumptive, Bob,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93OK,\u8221\'94 Robert said flatly with a shrug. \u8220\'93Father Quelatune didn\u8217\'92t even tell me or Tiffany about this }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  operation prior to the meeting in the Grand Hall.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke seemed a bit surprised. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, really. I don\u8217\'92t know exactly what\u8217\'92s going on, but I\u8217\'92m gonna get to the bottom of it. Something doesn\u8217\'92t feel right about all this. I understand you\u8217\'92re really close to Rebekah\u8217\'92s baby boy and so you don\u8217\'92t want to believe anything bad about her, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you ought to talk to my sister and see what she has to say.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you ought to answer my questions,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 Tiffany pleaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a hacker,\u8221\'94 Robert said to Smoke, not even looking at Tiffany. \u8220\'93Tell me how easy it is to hack into a box and take over its controls.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My sister Amaga would know that better than me,\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92d have to ask her. She\u8217\'92s a lot more familiar with the Kwans\u8217\'92 military operations and capabilities than I am. If they hijacked the controls of the box, that was something their military did, not their intelligence. It\u8217\'92s not like they spread around a computer virus that shut down Mission Control\u8217\'92s network. That would be something I could talk to you about. I\u8217\'92m not gonna be able to tell you about them taking over the box\u8217\'92s controls. And no, I\u8217\'92ve never heard of them being able to do that before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert nodded, never taking his eyes off Smoke. He simply chewed his food, not saying anything else.}}