{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next morning, Robert visited the doctor at the medical facility in the Temple for his checkup. They went through the routine procedures such as checking his blood pressure among other things, which was no different from what was done on Earth. The doctor also checked Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s life energy levels which was obviously a very different procedure from what was done on Earth. It turned out that his life energy levels were normal. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was then told how his procedure was going to go. There would be a small incision right around his solar plexus. There would then be a large machine that would be placed around the bottom part of his heart. His heart rate would be slowed down to about 30 beats per minute as life energy would be slowly extracted from his body into a shard of Kaolium. The goal was to sap as much life energy from Robert as possible without killing him before removing the machine from his heart. The lost life energy would be replaced by the life energy of donors (most donors of life energy were euthanasia patients, but some were criminals who were sentenced to capital punishment). The operation would only take about two hours and he would be able to go home after 3 days.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was prescribed medication that he would have to take or die as a result of the operation. The medication was prescribed to prevent the genetic mutation found in humans that caused their nervous systems to shut down during the original }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project. Robert would have to take the pill every day for the next 3 months. Being told he would die if he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take these pills scared him a little. He would have to start taking them a week before the operation and three months after. The pills gave him mild headaches but luckily, the medical staff gave him pain relievers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The day of the operation, Tiffany was by his side. The operation was said to be a success but when Robert woke up from the surgery, he felt very dizzy. The doctors told him he would feel dizzy for the next two weeks. Robert didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like that at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was sent home but still felt bad. Every time he stood up, he felt like the room was spinning. Tiffany was worried but the physicians would come by every afternoon, take him in a wheelchair up the elevator to the medical facility to perform a full body PET scan, MRI scan and a physical, send him back home to his apartment, tell him he was fine and that this was all just a normal part of the recovery process. Their daily checkups took four hours every day and  were an absolute nightmare. According to them, Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s brain was simply still telling the rest of his nervous system to shut down due to the genetic mutation but the genetic mutation didn\u8217\'92t affect him because of the pills he was taking. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He was not allowed to sleep in his own bed either. He had a scheduled bedtime he was held to every night. He would be hooked up to all kinds of monitors in a makeshift bedroom, given his pills to take, the lights would go out and they would literally watch him while he was sleeping. It sucked but at least the bed was comfortable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was for the most part free to do whatever he wanted in the mornings but he felt so miserable he hardly ever left the Temple. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t lose his appetite but it began to become difficult to keep food down as he started vomiting on a somewhat regular basis, on average once every other day. Tiffany worried constantly that Robert was surely dying from this project, but the doctors stressed that he was actually doing much better than they expected him to do. They animal tested this operation several times and the test subjects all did worse than he was doing at the point he was at in his recovery but they all turned out fine in the end, so this was good news. Robert and Tiffany wondered how all those animals they tested didn\u8217\'92t just say \u8220\'93screw it\u8221\'94 and killed themselves. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things got pretty serious one morning when Tiffany came home to the Temple to see Robert passed out on the floor. She immediately called for help and he was rushed to the medical facility within minutes. Everything turned out to be fine. He was just dehydrated. They injected him with intravenous fluids afterwords, he felt better and was sent back home to the apartment. Father Quelatune yelled at Tiffany for leaving as she was expressly told that Robert was never to be alone during his recovery.}}