{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was the easy part. Now it was time for the hard part: facing the parents.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany and Robert pulled up to a double-wide trailer in the outskirts of Richmond. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany cut the car off and sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here we go.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s decision was all over the news so it wasn\u8217\'92t like her parents didn\u8217\'92t know what was going on. This, however, would be the first time she would sit face to face with them and hear what it was they had to say. Lauren warned Tiffany that the conversation was going to be difficult.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany walked inside. Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s parents looked nothing like her. Robert was almost taken aback.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her mother, Susan, was very thin and despite being 62, looked much older than that. Her father, Rick, was hardscrabble and scowling the minute they walked in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany and Robert sat down on the couch across from them. They said nothing. There was an awkward silence for what felt like an eternity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany broke the silence. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, I just want to get you guys\u8217\'92 thoughts on everything.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Her mother leaned back, not taking her eyes off of her daughter, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well honestly, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that moment, there was a knock at the door. They looked outside and saw Lauren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s car.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you bring her here?\u8221\'94 Susan asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany and Robert shook their heads.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rick, get the door.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rick got up, opened the door and invited Lauren in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lauren, it\u8217\'92s good to see you but what are you doing here?\u8221\'94 Susan asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lauren walked in past Rick, ignoring her mother. She made a beeline over to Tiffany.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, Bob, I fully support your decision no matter what, OK?\u8221\'94 she said in an almost exasperated tone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lauren, hush!\u8221\'94 Rick said loudly. This silenced everyone in the room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lauren nervously sat down next to Robert and Tiffany.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert has been in and has seen some of the most extreme combat situations any soldier would ever see, but Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dad scared the hell out of him.  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wanna go off on an adventure with your little boyfriend, that\u8217\'92s fine. But you\u8217\'92re neglecting your son in the process and I don\u8217\'92t think that\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 he said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lauren hopped up from her seat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dad, I told Tiffany that we were fine with taking care of Michael\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Lauren, stop making excuses for her!\u8221\'94 Susan interrupted. \u8220\'93It isn\u8217\'92t your job to be a mother to him and it sure as hell isn\u8217\'92t ours!\u8221\'94  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You weren\u8217\'92t a mother to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  either, so what does it matter?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Tiffany said under her breath. Robert felt even more uncomfortable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You keep taking the low road, Tiff. You very well may end up dead,\u8221\'94 her mother said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is that a warning or wishful thinking?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, please,\u8221\'94 Lauren cautioned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was going to be gone on another planet but it would be Lauren who would be having to deal with the day-to-day wrath of Mom and Dad.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany took Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand, still facing her parents. \u8220\'93The point is that Bob needs me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your son needs you,\u8221\'94 Susan said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rick then directed his attention to Robert. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Aren\u8217\'92t you supposed to be a war hero!? Aren\u8217\'92t you supposed to be good at this stuff!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s trepidation was now turning into anger. Very few people have actually questioned his fortitude or skills as a soldier.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert averted his gaze. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not getting into this with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re in }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 our}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  house. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re going to show us some respect,\u8221\'94 Susan said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany buried her head in her hands. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is not going well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ve got the news, the feds, and all of society following my daughter around day and night! What do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  have to say about that!?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Susan asked. \u8220\'93Look at me!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert had enough. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, guys,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to try to be as respectful as I can be here, OK? If you two actually talked to Tiffany and knew her as well as you claim you do\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Excuse}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  you!?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Susan interrupted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not finished,\u8221\'94 Robert said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was a drill instructor once upon a time while serving in the Army so he could project in a way that would shake somebody up quick, and that\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s what he did here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you guys knew Tiffany as well as you claim you did, you would know that she loves her son more than life itself. You would never question how much she cared for him and the fact that the two of you would even think about doing so says a lot. This is complicated. This is a difficult decision but I can guarantee you that Michael was the first person Tiffany thought about when making her decision. If there\u8217\'92s truly an extra-terrestrial threat out there that can take over a planet more advanced than ours, what\u8217\'92s going to stop them from taking over }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  planet in due time? If there\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s anything we can do about that, I think we should.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That felt good but her parents weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t happy at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rick leaned back and glared at Tiffany. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get out.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8230\'85?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked in disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All three of you. Get out of here,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it, huh? We\u8217\'92re not going to discuss this further?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked, hoping there was some way to save this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rick got up from his seat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen up. You made the decision without our consent, told the whole world before consulting with us and now you come in here and expect for us to just give you our blessing!? It doesn\u8217\'92t work that way! And then your jarhead friend comes into this house and disrespects us both, knowing that he\u8217\'92s the one that got you into this mess!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fighting for our country,\u8221\'94 Tiffany interjected. \u8220\'93And he\u8217\'92s not a \u8216\'91jarhead\u8217\'92. He was in the Army, not the Marines.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care if he was the President of the United States! He\u8217\'92s corrupting you!\u8221\'94 Rick said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert shut his eyes and sighed. Tiffany saw he was getting agitated and hated her parents for it. She took Robert and Lauren by the hands and led them up from the couch. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think for once, I\u8217\'92m going to do as I\u8217\'92m told and leave. Let\u8217\'92s go, guys.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All three of them headed out of the house.}}