{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The car ride back home was mostly quiet. The sun was setting and the next morning, Quelatune would be returning to them privately for their departure. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so, so sorry about all of that earlier,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said, ashamed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be. You didn\u8217\'92t do anything wrong,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Several moments passed and  neither of them said another word.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, Tiff, you can still back out of this if you want. The last thing I want is for you and your family to be split over this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That ship sailed a long time ago, Bob. I appreciate the concern, really, but I actually want to do this even more than I did before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was surprised to hear that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I was reminded back there why I was never all that close to them. Not one time did they even show an ounce of concern for }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 my}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  safety or well-being. The only thing they were concerned about was how terrible of a mother I was and then they tried to send me on a guilt trip.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert sensed the anger and frustration in her voice and took her by the hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s try to get our minds off of that and enjoy tonight, OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sighed and nodded.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two of them ordered pizza, watched a movie and cuddled on the couch together. It was at that moment it hit them both that they were really going to go through with this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you scared?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked right back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a brief silence until Tiffany said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob, I think we need to agree on something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No matter what, we continue this mission. If one of us doesn\u8217\'92t make it, the other continues.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert rose up slightly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiff, you don\u8217\'92t wanna think like that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand, Bob, but just promise me that\u8217\'92s what we\u8217\'92re gonna do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Sure, Tiff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was  anxious, not knowing what to expect. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 What if this was a trap? What if there was some kind of malfunction with the box they were going to be traveling in and they wound up getting lost in space forever? How long would  it even take to get to this other planet? There were so many questions neither of them had the answers to but the biggest was: would Father Quelatune accept Tiffany going with Robert to this other planet or would all of their plans be dashed?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whether they liked it or not, all of those questions were going to be be answered in the morning.}}