{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It would later be time for them to head out into the woods hoping that Quelatune would find them. The key was to go somewhere that no reporters or news crews would be able to access, so they arranged for the feds to escort them to a private location. The feds were going to be showing up within a few hours. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was 5 AM by the time the two of them finished packing. They sat in the living room of Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s house eating breakfast for what could be the last time they ever ate food from Earth. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 By 6 AM, three armored SUV\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulled up to their house and they were escorted out. To where? Who knows. Why two other SUV\u8217\'92s were needed? Tiffany nor Robert were told. The FBI agents sat next to them in the vehicle they were being escorted in. Neither said a word to Robert or Tiffany.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All three SUV\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s veered off of the road and down a dirt trail in the woods. They had no idea what was going on but no one, not the driver, the FBI agent in the passenger seat or the two FBI agents sitting next to them said anything. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The three SUV\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pulled up to a large clearing in the woods where they were met by an Apache attack helicopter and two other SUV\u8217\'92s. Heavily armed men with rifles were present. Robert felt a little nervous. One of the agents, almost sensing Robert\u8217\'92s apprehension said to him, \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re here for your protection\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 All three SUV\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s parked in the clearing. It was 6:45 AM, 15 minutes before Father Quelatune was set to arrive. They were not allowed to leave the vehicle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fifteen minutes later, the two SUV\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s in front of them opened their doors and out came more heavily armed men with rifles, surveying the sky. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, look!\u8221\'94 Robert whispered, pointing up at the trees beginning to wave from heavy wind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They looked up into the sky and the clouds started moving just like they did before in Paris.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right on time,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said to herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The wind began to blow even harder. Faintly in the sky, an object could be seen. Sure enough, it was a box similar to what Quelatune came down in last time. As the box descended, they could see that this one was much larger than the one before, presumably because they would be taking Robert along with them. Tiffany hoped they would allow her to join him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The box landed gently on the ground in the clearing and the wind stopped blowing. This particular box had sliding double-doors. Out came Quelatune and Rebekah, but they were dressed differently than before. They were in what resembled gray flight suits. One of the armed men went over to Robert and Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s SUV, opened the door and escorted them out. Two others brought their luggage to them. Everyone turned to face Quelatune and Rebekah who stood before them.}}