{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You made it,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93I see that you\u8217\'92ve packed, so that must mean you have made the decision to join us, yes?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On one condition,\u8221\'94 Robert said, nodding toward Tiffany. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going to need Tiffany here to join me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune seemed a bit surprised by this. He and Rebekah looked at each other and back at Robert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, the reason we only wanted to bring one person was because we don\u8217\'92t want for the people of our country to know we\u8217\'92re here. As I said, this trip to Earth was extremely unpopular with the citizens of our country but we felt it was a necessary decision.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. This is a top-secret assignment that we\u8217\'92re on,\u8221\'94 Rebekah added. \u8220\'93Bringing somebody else along makes it more difficult for us to keep it that way. We simply can\u8217\'92t bring somebody else if it isn\u8217\'92t necessary. I\u8217\'92m sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face fell. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert felt like now was the time to speak up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, guys,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93You all have been doing this info-gathering on me for quite some time, so you should be aware that I would be useless to you by myself. I can provide you with my expertise, I can provide you with my experience, but I know what my limitations are. I was suicidal, I constantly still suffer from flashbacks and I don\u8217\'92t know how I\u8217\'92m going to be at my best all alone on another planet. Tiffany has a six month old son that she\u8217\'92s leaving behind to join me here because she knows how much I need her by my side. If Tiffany doesn\u8217\'92t come with me, I might as well not even go. That\u8217\'92s how much of a necessity she is.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me for one moment,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. He and Rebekah walked back inside of the box and the double doors shut behind them. Tiffany and Robert waited. None of the armed men said a word or moved. They all stood and waited for what felt like several minutes.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune knew he had a big dilemma on his hands. It was already difficult enough for him to convince the Council to bring one person from Earth for this project. If he came back with two, his political opponents would blame him for presidential over-reach. They would say that he was taking advantage of his power. If he only allowed Robert to come, he was far more likely to return home empty-handed because Robert would decline. He knew that nobody else from Earth would be allowed to go through with this mission if Robert wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t willing to, so picking somebody else was out of the question. It was either show up with two people, which would be bad for him politically or show up with no one which would be even worse for him politically. He knew what he had to do.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The double-doors re-opened. Father Quelatune and Rebekah came back out. Robert and Tiffany looked at each other and nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, if Robert needs you, we would like for you to join us,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany sighed with relief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The double doors opened again as Quelatune nodded to the guards. Two of them walked with Tiffany and Robert as they stepped inside the box and the double-doors shut behind them.}}