{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Inside the box was beautiful. It looked like a cozy and comfortable bungalow, soft lighting, large white couches, gray walls, a refrigerator, cream-colored carpet and a large and advanced station of controls and monitors over on one side of the room. Robert and Tiffany were surprised by how Earth-like it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Make yourselves at home, guys. We picked our Earth-iest model,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said as Rebekah took command of the controls. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany sat down. The couch was very comfortable. There was a rumbling they could feel under the floor.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The engine purred.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What was that?\u8221\'94 Robert asked looking around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re up in the sky now, Father,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert saw on one of the monitors the helicopter that was in the woods level with them in the sky, rising with them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, they\u8217\'92re following us up,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seems like it,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93They probably just want to make sure we\u8217\'92re not going to do something to you guys. We\u8217\'92ll end up passing them soon enough.\u8221\'94 He turned to Robert. \u8220\'93Robert, how high can those things go?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s an Apache,\u8221\'94 Robert answered. \u8220\'93It can fly up to a little over 9,400 feet.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re approaching 3,200 feet now, Father,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. The helicopter continued to ascend alongside them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what is your planet called?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked Father Quelatune who sat down on the couch next to them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'934,500 feet now, Father,\u8221\'94 Rebekah called out. The helicopter was still going up with them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have a name for our planet. We just call it \u8216\'91the planet\u8217\'92, but the Kwans call our planet \u8216\'91Gaia\u8217\'92 so I guess that\u8217\'92s what you can call it,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert looked around the room. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How does this thing even work?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Once we are in space, we open up a portal, taking a shortcut through space-time to our planet.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A space-time shortcut?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked with curiosity.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93We use a highly concentrated energy wave combined with an electrical current to open up a space-time portal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'935,500 feet now, Father. The helicopter is still following us up,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What kind of energy?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Energy that comes from Kaolium charged with nuclear fusion energy,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s Kaolium?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kaolium is an element that exists on our planet that is able to absorb infinite amounts of energy,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93In order to open up a space-time portal, you need to concentrate an incredible amount of energy into a very small point in space the size of an atom. If that sounds dangerous to you, it isn\u8217\'92t, at least not for us inside of this box. But before we open up the portal, we have to be very far from Earth because we don\u8217\'92t want anything from your planet, whether it be satellites or even aircraft that may be flying around in your skies to suddenly get sucked into the portal and stuck inside.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How far from Earth are you guys going to get before opening the portal?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93At least 500 miles. That will be roughly three hours once we leave Earth\u8217\'92s atmosphere. Once the portal is open, it will be about another hour before we touch down on our planet. So that\u8217\'92s about a four hour trip.\u8221\'94 Quelatune then smiled. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why I said to make yourselves at home.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'938,000 feet now, Father. The chopper is still following us,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It won\u8217\'92t be long now before it will no longer be able to,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93They probably just want to make sure you guys don\u8217\'92t pull something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune laughed. He had a gentle demeanor. Robert and Tiffany liked him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, it seems like the chopper is descending now. We\u8217\'92re at 9000 feet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert could see the helicopter no longer following them up and slowly coming out of view. He smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Looks like we\u8217\'92re all alone now.\u8221\'94}}