{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They eventually found themselves in space after about 15 minutes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite being in zero gravity, it didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel that way inside of the box.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Centrifugal force,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what keeps us on the ground even in zero gravity.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once they made their way far enough from Earth, it was time to open the portal.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, here we go, Father,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cover your ears, guys. This is gonna get pretty loud,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah and Quelatune both covered their ears with their fingers as did Robert and Tiffany.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few seconds later, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 whooooooooooooooosh!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whole room jolted twice.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The engine under the floor purred loudly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The engine purred even louder.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The whole room jolted for a third time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ding, }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 a gentle bell-like sound similar to the sound on an airplane when altitude has been reached sounded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune nodded and uncovered his ears. Rebekah did the same as did Robert and Tiffany. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was fun, wasn\u8217\'92t it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was wild!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It should be smooth sailing from here, guys,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said from the controls.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune was able to tell Robert and Tiffany all about the war between the Kwans and the Rulose, the cease-fire and the attack on Candel Village. Rebekah introduced herself, sat down next to them and talked since the box was on autopilot until they would have to land. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune did not feel like it was the right time to tell them about the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project. He and Rebekah decided to wait until they got home before dropping that bombshell on them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany seemed like really nice and genuine people. Father Quelatune was afraid that Earthlings would be hostile toward them. Earth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s countries are constantly in conflict with one another and the people on their planet are also incredibly selfish which was why they were technologically so primitive. The only news that got any attention on their broadcasts was the worst news out there. They have these things called \u8220\'93tabloids\u8221\'94 that go out and look for the worst news to dredge up about any person, place or thing. When they can\u8217\'92t find news bad enough to pass muster for their editorials, they make stuff up. This made absolutely no sense to Father Quelatune. Why Earthlings had such an addiction to seeing other people\u8217\'92s misery was beyond his understanding. It was hilarious yet sad how sadomasochistic these people were. Not only that, but they seem to project this mentality onto everyone else. They assume the worst when they meet strangers and assume that anyone from another world must want to \u8220\'93take over their planet\u8221\'94. Quelatune felt somewhat guilty for thinking this, but he wondered what anyone in the universe, including the Kwans, would want with Earth and its sad, selfish, miserable people. Earth didn\u8217\'92t need the Kwans to drive them to extinction. They will do that to themselves. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Robert and Tiffany were different. Robert didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t watch the news and only owned a television to play video games and watch movies. Tiffany was a beautiful woman. She was intelligent, loyal and curious. He liked her too. He knew he got the right people for this job.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He also knew that they were scared. He knew that they had no idea what they were in for. Less than a month ago they thought they were alone in the universe. How scary it must be for them now to know they are not.}}