{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi720\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 FATHER KAI QUELATUNE}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Age: 74}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Position: President of Rulose Island}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b1\i0 BACKSTORY: }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune is the 39th President of Rulose Island. He grew up in Castlerock. His father was part of the Rulose army. His mother, a lawyer, urged him to go into the field. He was educated at the Ames Academy for boys when he was young and received his law degree from the Frontline College of Law. He served in the Senate for 14 years before being elected president. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He is one of the most popular presidents in the history of the nation. During his first term, the Kwan Empire invaded Rulose Island by attacking the coastal city of Soldair, a major crystal mining facility in an attempt to gain control of the Kaoli Emerald. War was declared as a result. During the war in order to gain an advantage, Quelatune ordered the Kaoli Man project that would infuse soldiers with Kaoli Emerald power so that they have special powers, but all but one of them were killed in the process. His popularity went down drastically after the tragic incident. His political opponents even tried to get him arrested and tried because of it. A cease-fire between the Kwan Empire and Rulose Island was put in place by order of Father Quelatune when he agreed to share some of the Kaoli Emerald\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s power by infusing Kaoli energy into clay, which creates hard stones that are easy for the Kwans to burn and use.}}