{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At some point Robert fell asleep. He woke up and felt Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s head resting on his shoulder. The scent of her shampoo woke him up even more. She was asleep as well and was beginning to awaken. Father Quelatune was standing over Rebekah\u8217\'92s shoulder at the control station. They were both wearing large headsets. There were all kinds of numbers rapidly running across one of the monitors. Maps, diagrams and other things populated the other screens. Robert couldn\u8217\'92t put his finger on it but he had a feeling that something wasn\u8217\'92t right.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything alright?\u8221\'94 Robert asked Quelatune and Rebekah while yawning. Tiffany sat up from the couch and yawned.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, what\u8217\'92s the reading?\u8221\'94 Rebekah asked, eyes glued to one of the screens with a map on it along with a blinking white dot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. What? OK.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get Marxis back on,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said, focused on the same screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marxis, you there? What\u8217\'92s the differential for this box? Uh-huh. What? Really? I told you, we\u8217\'92ll talk about that later. Alright.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His voice had more tension in it than Robert felt comfortable with. What on Earth were those two talking about and why were they ignoring him?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany whispered to Robert, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are they talking about?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything OK over there?\u8221\'94 Robert called out again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re working on it,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said, almost as if he didn\u8217\'92t want to be bothered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah said, her voice even more strident than Quelatune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, \u8220\'93Reading\u8217\'92s in. Not enough, Father.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh great,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said with disappointment. He then pressed a button on the control deck. \u8220\'93Angelina, this is Father Quelatune. Can we use Aux power?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah shook her head and whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t ask you, Rebekah!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah threw her hands up in frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No? Dammit\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I tried to tell ya\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\pard\plain \li720\fi-360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up!\u8221\'94 Quelatune snapped.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He then got up from the chair and turned to Robert and Tiffany. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look guys, we have a bit of a problem.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany sat up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When they fueled for this mission, they provided just enough for\u8230\'85um\u8230\'85basically, a trip to Earth is expensive. When we landed, we didn\u8217\'92t know that Tiffany was coming with us. Now, Tiffany, I don\u8217\'92t know how much you weigh and I\u8217\'92m not gonna bother to ask, but your weight plus the weight of your luggage is going to make it impossible for us to land where we were meant to. That means, unless our calculations are wrong, which they probably aren\u8217\'92t, we\u8217\'92re going to have to perform an emergency landing.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh man,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said with a sigh. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m so sorry, guys.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t blame yourself, Tiffany. Robert needs you. It\u8217\'92s OK. We\u8217\'92ll get through this together.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert put his arm around her as she hang her head down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, Tiff, it\u8217\'92s alright. I can\u8217\'92t do this mission without you.\u8221\'94 Robert then turned his attention back to Father Quelatune. \u8220\'93Where are we gonna end up landing?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re gonna end up landing in the middle of the desert,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said from the controls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune turned back to Rebekah. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Which one, Rebekah?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Sotorion region, it seems. The Desert of Illusion,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93The Desert of Illusion!? Are you sure we can\u8217\'92t find somewhere else!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it, I\u8217\'92m afraid.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune had an uneasy look on his face as he went back to the station and hit one of the buttons on the control deck. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Angelina, this is Father Quelatune. Please tell me that we\u8217\'92re not landing in the Desert of Illusion.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany looked at each other with fear. Robert so desperately wished he knew what that meant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, please tell me there\u8217\'92s nothing going on over there right now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He then sighed with relief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, thank God.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hit the button again and tossed his headset off. He put his hands on his hips and sighed with frustration. Rebekah leaned back in her chair, exhausted. Quelatune then turned back to Robert and Tiffany. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So yeah, bad news, guys. We\u8217\'92re gonna be landing in the Desert of Illusion. That\u8217\'92s not where you wanna land.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Fear gripped Robert by the throat and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let go.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the Desert of Illusion?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Desert of Illusion is a former national park\u8230\'85.right smack dab in the middle of Kwan country, right outside of Camlyn, which is home to one of the Kwans\u8217\'92 biggest air force bases. There\u8217\'92s recently been a big uprising down there between human rebels and Kwan militants. A lot of lives have been lost there over the past several months.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s heart pounded out of his chest. Tiffany was just as scared.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re giving me a heart attack, Father Quelatune. Please tell me I have nothing to worry about,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune sighed and shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I could, Robert. That being said, though, we\u8217\'92ve been getting reports on the situation down there right now and nothing is going on. Hopefully it stays that way but with the Desert of Illusion, that can turn on a dime\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert buried his head in his hands and Tiffany did the same. They were both overwhelmed. Not only were they not going to be landing in Angelina like they were supposed to be, but they were going to be landing in Kwan country right outside one of their largest military bases and on top of that, in a war zone. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Yeah, this was not good.}}