{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Back in the cockpit, Tiffany sat down in one of the seats and hang her head down. Robert walked over to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were amazing, Bob,\u8221\'94 she said quietly. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert sat down next to her and placed his hand on her knee. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the matter?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is all my fault\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop,\u8221\'94 Robert insisted. \u8220\'93We need you here. All of that we went through, if that was what it took for us to have you here, it was worth it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah and Quelatune walked over to them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you alright, Tiffany?\u8221\'94 Quelatune asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just feel kind of bad because none of this would have happened if it wasn\u8217\'92t for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s not like what you say is false,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, not now,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Rebekah didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t let up. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just stating the truth. Listen, Tiffany, I don\u8217\'92t know you so don\u8217\'92t take this personally, but we can\u8217\'92t have you in your feelings throughout this entire campaign. Remember, you weren\u8217\'92t even supposed to be here anyway so you need to make yourself a little bit more useful than you\u8217\'92ve made yourself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s enough, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said, his voice rising. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah knew to stop but glared at Tiffany with contempt. Tiffany felt Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s icy stare and lowered her eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah glanced at her watch. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Help should be arriving. We\u8217\'92ll be out of here soon enough.\u8221\'94 She walked back over to Cypher who was still at the control desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m really sorry, guys,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nothing to be sorry about, Tiffany,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about Rebekah.\u8221\'94 He went back over to the others.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany got up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I need some time to be alone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert looked up at her with concern. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiff, are you sure you\u8217\'92re OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I really just need to be alone right now. I\u8217\'92ll be back. Please don\u8217\'92t follow me,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany made her way down the hallway and back into the box which was now just a room in the X1. She sat down on the couch. All the monitors were off and it was completely quiet. She untied her hair and it fell down at her shoulders. She had a pounding headache. She took out a bottle of water and some Advil from her purse and downed two tablets. She was drained both mentally and emotionally.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She followed Robert to this strange planet because she thought he needed her. It turned out she only got in his way. She was now convinced coming here was a mistake. Not one time did he suffer from a flashback. Not one time did she have to assist him. Why the hell should they go through all of this trouble just to keep her there? She so desperately wanted to go back to Earth, not because she was scared, but because she could not deal with the guilt of getting in Robert or anyone else\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s way again. She knew that leaving wasn\u8217\'92t possible, however. Asking to go home would not only make her look weaker than she already looked, but it would be a huge inconvenience for everyone. Father Quelatune said that they went through a lot of trouble to bring them to this planet and that it wasn\u8217\'92t popular with his constituents. Robert proved his worth as she knew he would. Father Quelatune, Rebekah, Marxis and Cypher have now embraced him as one of their own. She knew that they still viewed her as an outsider, an inferior Earthling.}}