{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They waited in the X1 for hours on the airship that was to come and take them back to Rulose Island. Everyone was hungry and tired. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally, the airship arrived. Quelatune, Tiffany and Rebekah said their goodbyes to Cypher, thanked him for the X1 and boarded the airship. It was small and very modest compared to the X1, no larger than a private jet. The interior was nice with comfortable couches, but most of all, food. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany were surprised when the servant laid before them an elegant silver platter covered with a lid. When they lifted the lid, they found burgers and fries with bottles of carbonated beverage that tasted like a cheap imitation of Coca-Cola. It was cute how the Rulose tried so hard to accommodate Earthlings as they later learned that their cooks put quite a bit of time into preparing their food. The ingredients were not from Earth, so while the food was pretty good, it tasted like alien cuisine trying to imitate Earth food. The meat came from a large beast called a Calipher. Caliphers somewhat resemble Rhinos but have long tails. The lettuce was similar to Earth but had a lighter taste. The bread was essentially the same but the cheese came from the milk of a flying reptile called a Bender, which looks like a Pterodactyl. Tiffany and Robert both wondered how in the world milk could come from a reptile. Last time they checked, milk only came from mammals. Perhaps this planet was stranger than they thought. Who cares? The cheese was damn good! The fries were pretty much the same because one of the few edible plants that Earth had in common with Gaia were potatoes. The fries were cooked in Calipher fat. Robert and Tiffany inhaled the food and finished off the drinks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Full, they both sat down together on one of the couches while Rebekah and Father Quelatune were up front in the cockpit with the pilots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How are you feeling?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany smiled meekly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m really proud of you, Bob. These people love you already.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know I need you here, right, Tiff?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really believe him. She shrugged, looking down. \u8220\'93Yeah, you\u8217\'92ve said that a few times.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, look at me,\u8221\'94 Robert said. She turned to him. Her ocean blue eyes sparkled as if she were about to cry. Robert caressed her cheek. She took his hand and held it up against her face. The warmth of her skin and softness of her hair took him over. Their faces moved closer and closer as the flames grew hotter and hotter until\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany looked up from the couch to see Rebekah standing over them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, hi,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said nervously.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mind if I sit down?\u8221\'94 Rebekah asked. They gave Rebekah a space on the couch between the two of them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned to Tiffany. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, Tiffany. I want you to know that I didn\u8217\'92t mean anything personal by what I said to you earlier. I need to make that very clear. I have a job to do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany nodded and swallowed hard. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand that, Rebekah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Understand that Robert came here to do a job as well. You understand that, do you, Tiffany?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course I do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like where this was going but he didn\u8217\'92t say anything just yet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I honestly am not even sure why he brought you here,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93But if Robert wanted you here, we didn\u8217\'92t have any other choice but to respect that. Just know that the only reason you }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 are}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  here is because we wanted }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 him}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  so badly.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert interrupted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, what is your point!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She ignored him and continued to address Tiffany. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I strongly suggest you understand your place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what is that, Rebekah?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked defiantly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope you know that Father Quelatune is furious that you are here,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93He wishes more than anything we could send you home. But we know that if we were to do that, we\u8217\'92d lose Robert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was gutted to hear about this. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did he tell you that, Rebekah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve known him for five years, Tiffany, he doesn\u8217\'92t have to tell me. I\u8217\'92m not here to sugarcoat things or make you feel better. I\u8217\'92m here to tell you the truth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, cut this out, OK!?\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah sighed and turned to him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Love has no place on the battlefield, Robert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert tried to hold back laughing at her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really want to talk to me about battle, Rebekah? I\u8217\'92m a soldier. Tell me, how many battles have you been in?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wanna know who }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 else}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  is a soldier!?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Robert nodded over to Tiffany. \u8220\'93Tiffany! She\u8217\'92s a world class emergency room physician, a US Air Force Major! That\u8217\'92s a higher rank than I was in the Army! Now do you honestly think that her medical experience wouldn\u8217\'92t be useful!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We already have doctors. We don\u8217\'92t need people from Earth who aren\u8217\'92t even as good\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And I\u8217\'92m pretty sure you didn\u8217\'92t think our pilots were as good as yours either, huh?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah had nothing to say in response to that. She sighed and looked away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s what I thought,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert took Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look at her,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said looking at Tiffany with contempt. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s a mess. Ditch her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s your problem?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have a problem,\u8221\'94 Rebekah answered defensively. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, I sense a problem,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah, completely emotionless, got up and started to walk away, but turned and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not continuing this conversation.\u8221\'94}}