{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The blue screen on the television suddenly changed and Father Quelatune appeared. Robert and Tiffany glanced at each other and back at him on the screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good morning, guys. Did you sleep well?\u8221\'94 Quelatune asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good morning. We did, Father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good. An aide is going to be down there shortly. I need you guys to come to the Grand Hall. You\u8217\'92re going to be introduced to the Council.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This made both Robert and Tiffany extremely nervous. They knew Rebekah was the leader of the Council\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s Senate, which would mean she probably had quite a bit of influence on the Council\u8217\'92s opinion. What if she put a bad word in about Tiffany? What if she went all around the Council and said that Robert was the only person that should have come and that Tiffany only got in the way and caused them to have to perform an emergency landing in the Desert of Illusion? Robert then thought about how unpopular with the Council Father Quelatune visiting Earth for }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 one}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  person was. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even want to imagine how much more difficult politically it was going to be for him since he actually brought }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 two}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father, can I ask you something?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked. \u8220\'93Am I gonna get any kind of chance to prove myself to them? Rebekah\u8217\'92s the Head Counselor and already has it out for me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune nodded, understanding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I promise I\u8217\'92ll go to bat for you, Tiffany. Don\u8217\'92t worry about Rebekah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The aide came by and handed Robert and Tiffany ceremonial robes as it was customary to wear them during meetings in the Grand Hall. They were then taken up the elevator and an hour later, were sitting before the 200 member Council in the gorgeous meeting hall. They were up on stage, the two of them, sitting in chairs over to the side while Quelatune was at the podium giving his speech. Rebekah was sitting behind him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These two brave souls dropped everything to come to this planet to help us. They didn\u8217\'92t come here because they had to. They didn\u8217\'92t come here because it was popular on their home planet to come here because it wasn\u8217\'92t. They came here because they cared about humanity.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Council applauded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune then gestured over to Tiffany. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We originally visited Earth just for Robert, but Robert insisted that we bring this young lady along with him because he knew how qualified she was and he knew that the same drive, the same passion that convinced him to take this journey was the same one that compelled her to leave her six-month old son at home to help her fellow man, even light years away. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She showed how qualified she was as it was her quick thinking that saved not only my life, but the lives of all four of us who were on board the shuttle from Earth to come here.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see, something terrible and awful happened on our way here to this planet yesterday. Queen Riptide\u8217\'92s highest ranking general, Lemor-Ixa, somehow was able to hijack our shuttle\u8217\'92s controls and threatened to cause us to crash land into the planet. Our communications department has begun work to make sure that this is never able to happen again, but it was Tiffany who suggested that we cut off Lemor-Ixa\u8217\'92s communications with our shuttle and merge with the X1. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not only were we able to neutralize the threat of the hostile militants Lemor-Ixa had waiting for us once we made our descent in the X1, but we were also able to land safely. I know that going to Earth and bringing Robert here wasn\u8217\'92t popular with many of my friends here in the Council so I\u8217\'92m pretty sure that bringing Robert along with somebody else isn\u8217\'92t any better. However, considering the contributions Tiffany has made already, I think we should give her our respect and our gratitude.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Council applauded again. Tiffany looked out of the corner of her eye to see Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reaction. Miraculously, Rebekah applauded just like everyone else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is now time that we get to the big issue, and that is the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 project. Robert will be undergoing this brand new and unprecedented operation that will save millions of lives. Once the operation is complete, he will be capable of far more than he ever thought was possible and will possess powers the likes of which no one ever even knew existed. We are all so excited about this opportunity.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany looked at each other and shrugged. They didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t remember Father Quelatune telling them about this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We hope to start soon. Over the past month, two whole floors of this Temple have been turned into a medical facility that was specifically designed for this ambitious procedure as well as Robert\u8217\'92s subsequent recovery. The operation will be performed by two of Rulose Island\u8217\'92s top surgeons and the three month rehab will be overseen by our world class medical staff here at the Temple 24/7. We will closely monitor Robert\u8217\'92s learning to use and control his new powers as well as his physical and mental recovery. We promise to keep all of you on top of everything that will be going on throughout this groundbreaking project}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ..}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert is no doubt special indeed. He will solidify that as he will be the very first in history to undergo this new operation which will give us the edge we need to finally bring justice to Queen Riptide. It isn\u8217\'92t just Rulose Island, however; the fate of the entire world rests upon the success of this operation and the incredible powers Robert will possess as a result.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was shocked, confused and\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8230\'85.wait\u8230\'85}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 what!? }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 operation!? }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Magical powers!? He and Tiffany were both dumbfounded and flabbergasted. Father Quelatune nor Rebekah ever said }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anything}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  about Robert undergoing a surgical operation. Was this what they brought him here for? So that he could be a guinea pig for a potentially dangerous experiment!? Robert went from being shocked to being furious. He wanted to jump out of that chair and strangle Father Quelatune to death. He wanted to go home but now felt trapped on this planet! His heart raced and beat out of his chest. Father Quelatune was just using and manipulating him the entire time. Quelatune knew that had he told Robert and Tiffany about this }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project, there was a chance Robert would have declined. He knew he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t trust him! It was a miracle Robert didn\u8217\'92t get up and show his whole ass in front of that Council, told them all to kiss it, slapped the taste out of Father Quelatune\u8217\'92s mouth and said }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Hellz to tha\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92  NO!}}