{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune finished his speech and everyone was dismissed. There was then the usual post-meeting chaos of Council members socializing with each other in the meeting hall and many of them wanting to talk to him and Rebekah. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune searched for Robert and Tiffany but couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find them anywhere. Did they leave? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He went over to Rebekah who was talking with two councilmen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had to shout over all the chaos as if he were at a nightclub on the dance floor. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, have you seen Robert or Tiffany!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany shook her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune continued to weave his way through the throngs of councilmen and blew people off who wanted to chat with him, asking them if they had seen Robert and Tiffany. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I saw them leave right after the speech was over,\u8221\'94 one of the councilmen said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune began to feel regret for not dropping the bombshell of the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 project on Robert earlier. He worried about how Robert was going to take the news. The fact that he left so early was not a good sign that he took it well. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Whatever qualms Robert had about the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project, and Quelatune was sure there were many, he hoped to have them handled soon because Robert did have the choice to leave the planet and go home if he wanted to. Robert was not a Rulose citizen so he could not be hired as a government contractor. This was literally going to be an act of good will on Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s part if he was going to go through with this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune made his way out of the Grand Hall and headed quietly down the hallway to the Receptions desk on the same floor. He approached the receptionist. She was, of course, surprised and a bit intimidated that the President of Rulose Island was speaking to her directly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Mr. President,\u8221\'94 she said with reverence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi. Have you seen Robert or Tiffany walk past here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. They headed to the elevator. I think they were going down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Down?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. Definitely down.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They must have been headed to the lobby, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I would imagine. They were both walking really fast, especially Robert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sound good. It seemed like Robert and Tiffany were quickly trying to leave to avoid talking to him. He hoped they weren\u8217\'92t going to other Council members and complaining to them about this or even worse, going to the press because that would be a political disaster. All he knew was that he needed to speak with them as soon as possible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune later checked their apartment and they were not there. He made his way back to his office. Rebekah came up to see him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father, we can bring them back here by force if we want,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No we can\u8217\'92t, that\u8217\'92s ridiculous. That\u8217\'92s not going to make Robert want to go through with this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t have any idea where they went?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No I don\u8217\'92t, Rebekah.\u8221\'94 He then leaned forward, glaring at her. \u8220\'93Whatever issues you and Tiffany have with each other is your business, but the way you\u8217\'92re talking to her, cut it out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah rolled her eyes dismissively. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t have a problem with her, Father, so don\u8217\'92t give me crap for being up front with her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You realize she\u8217\'92s the key to Robert going through with this, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Convince }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 her}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  that Robert should go through with this and you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve probably convinced }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 him}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what makes you think she\u8217\'92ll try to convince him to go through with this?\u8221\'94 Rebekah asked. \u8220\'93What makes you think she doesn\u8217\'92t feel the same way he does?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune leaned back in his chair. He was tired, stressed out and exhausted. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, Rebekah. I need you to look for them. I need you to find them. I need you to talk to Tiffany and work out whatever differences the two of you have and I need for Tiffany to try to convince Robert to go through with this operation. There\u8217\'92s a lot riding on this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah glanced at her watch. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll do the best I can, Father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany needed to get out of the Temple for a while. They went back to The Raindrop for lunch. They ordered the same thing they ordered the night before. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert shoved a forkful of Pondrel and beans into his mouth, chewed and swallowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They say the recovery is three months! Three months, Tiffany!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, Bob. But all you can do is tell them that you refuse. Just know that there is a possibility you\u8217\'92ll get sent back to Earth if you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t say I was gonna refuse,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going through with it?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert said nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany pressed him further. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob, are you doing this or not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, I don\u8217\'92t know!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany paused, taken aback.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry, Tiff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s alright, Bob.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I guess\u8230\'85.I don\u8217\'92t know, I just need some more info on this,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You wanna go back to the Temple after we finish?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was silent again. He stared off into space.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert sighed, shaking. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just\u8230\'85tired of the lies and the traveling and the\u8230\'85I just wanna be left alone and I\u8217\'92m sick of the stress and constantly being taken for a ride and all of the crap and everything in between and the dealing with people saying one thing then doing the other and I just, I just, I just, I just\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob, calm down,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said, knowing that Robert was on the verge of a flashback.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just, I just, I, uh, um, I, uh\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breathing got heavy and he dropped his fork.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Them\u8230\'85..cutting\u8230\'85them cutting me open and\u8230\'85.\u8221\'94 he whispered breathlessly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany held onto him and massaged his shoulders, trying to calm him down. He was shaking, hunched over and breathing heavily. People were looking at him in the restaurant.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s alright,\u8221\'94 she called out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was trying to breath deeply and slowly. He was hunched over and had his eyes closed. Tiffany held his hand tightly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Focus on my voice, Bob,\u8221\'94 she said quietly. \u8220\'93Everything\u8217\'92s OK. You\u8217\'92re safe here. You\u8217\'92re safe here. You\u8217\'92re super safe here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s breathing slowed as he nodded, his eyes still closed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Safe. Safe,\u8221\'94 he whispered. Onlookers were still concerned. Thankfully he was coming back. He eventually calmed down and opened his eyes.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You OK?\u8221\'94 she asked gently.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92m fine,\u8221\'94 he said softly. \u8220\'93I wanna go back to the Temple, but I don\u8217\'92t wanna speak to anybody when I get there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany and Robert paid for their meal and decided to take their food to-go. They took a shuttle back to the Temple and made their way up the elevator back to their apartment. Robert went to the TV and unplugged it to prevent Quelatune from showing up even when it was turned off. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to speak to anyone at the moment. He went into his bedroom, shut the door, turned off the lights and plopped down on the bed. His muscles relaxed. Laying on his back in the dark on the soft bed made him realize he was so much more exhausted than he thought he was. He closed his eyes and it wasn\u8217\'92t long before he fell asleep.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was in the living room reading a book she got from the Temple library. There was a buzz at the door. She looked through the peephole and saw that it was Rebekah. She immediately braced herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She opened the door. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, hi, Rebekah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, hi.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, I know you guys are looking for Robert. He\u8217\'92s taking a nap right now. See, he had a flashback and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, we actually wanted to speak with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A pang of fear suddenly became present in the pit of Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach. Were they sending her home? Were they going to punish her? Were they kicking her out of the Temple? What was going on?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I in trouble?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not at all, Tiff,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. Tiffany was very surprised Rebekah just called her \u8220\'93Tiff\u8221\'94. Perhaps she was trying to build rapport with her?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We just need to speak with you. It won\u8217\'92t take long.\u8221\'94 Rebekah said with a smile. \u8220\'93Come on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany and Rebekah went up the elevator and eventually found themselves in Quelatune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quarters, which was the most luxurious living quarters one could imagine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This place is beautiful,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said as they made their way down the hallway to Quelatune\u8217\'92s office.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They made it into the office and Quelatune was talking into an intercom device. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey listen, I have to go. Over and out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hung up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, Tiffany,\u8221\'94 he said as Rebekah and Tiffany sat down at his desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How are you, Father?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked quietly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, how are you feeling?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know whether to be honest or not. Quelatune picked up on it quickly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can be honest with me, Tiffany. Nothing you say here will be used against you and nothing you say will impact your position here,\u8221\'94 he said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand. Honestly, Father, I haven\u8217\'92t been happy at all since we\u8217\'92ve arrived.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes narrowed with concern.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany continued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I felt really bad about what happened yesterday and how it was kind of my fault we had to land in enemy territory. And then Rebekah here sent me on a guilt trip. She told me you wished you could send me back to Earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune gasped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!? That\u8217\'92s not true! Did you tell her that, Rebekah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah nervously shifted in her seat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, Father, I\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Did you tell her that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Father. Tiffany\u8217\'92s exaggerating!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s exactly the words she used,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, Rebekah is wrong. We }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  want you here. We know that you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re the support Robert needs in order to fulfill his mission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And that mission involves a surgical operation?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked. \u8220\'93Father, why didn\u8217\'92t you tell us about this before?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, if I could go back in time, I probably might have. We didn\u8217\'92t want to scare you guys off,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93We just figured you two could get settled in before we brought it up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You were afraid Robert wouldn\u8217\'92t go through with the mission, you\u8217\'92d return here empty-handed and your political opponents would use that as leverage against the President not being able to get the job done while spending an insane amount of taxpayer money to take a trip to Earth.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune was both shocked and scared that he was dealing with a woman this sharp. She read him like a book and knew she had him where she wanted him by the look on his face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, we have politicians on Earth too,\u8221\'94 Tiffany added, still grinning. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune knew that a battle of wits was futile against this woman. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, Tiffany,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93We know the level of influence you have on Robert. We promise you this operation is completely safe. We would never risk harming him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why couldn\u8217\'92t you perform the operation on somebody from }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 this }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 planet? Why did you have to come all the way to our planet to pick somebody out?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune and Rebekah both looked at each other. They knew they couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t tell Tiffany the truth about how unpopular the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project was or why. Quelatune figured out a way to get around this on the fly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you know, there are checks and balances in government. It\u8217\'92s just like it is on Earth in your country,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93The fact is, nobody wants to vote on a bill to approve of this project. The reason is because the procedure involves genetic modification, and modifying genes is not popular. Despite how safe the procedure is, these people in the Council don\u8217\'92t want to vote on it because a lot of them are up for re-election next year.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why isn\u8217\'92t genetic modification popular?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, in Rulose culture, a lot of people hold the belief that genes are divine and shouldn\u8217\'92t be tampered with.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see. So the more conservative members of your Council don\u8217\'92t want to vote on legislation that impedes upon the so-called sanctity of genes, correct?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, that\u8217\'92s exactly it,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah turned to Tiffany. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you just talk to Robert for us?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll try to talk to him,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. \u8220\'93But he\u8217\'92s really upset you guys didn\u8217\'92t tell him about this earlier. You guys were in a tough position though so I understand why you didn\u8217\'92t. You were just afraid he wouldn\u8217\'92t come because you wouldn\u8217\'92t have had time to explain this all to him the way you were able to do so with me just now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune was relieved Tiffany was buying this because he knew he was lying. It is true that within Rulose folk culture genes are divine, but the reality is that the original }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project was very popular with most Rulatians until it killed over three hundred soldiers. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93One thing, Tiffany,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is that, Father?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t tell anyone about this project. You have to be sworn to secrecy. The minute people know about it, we\u8217\'92ll have to send the two of you home. Is that understood?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We won\u8217\'92t tell anyone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good. Thank you, Tiffany,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany stood up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Am I dismissed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, you\u8217\'92re dismissed,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You think he\u8217\'92ll do it?\u8221\'94 Rebekah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I knew.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert woke up from his nap and was able to think much more clearly than before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Maybe this operation wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a bad idea. There\u8217\'92s no way Father Quelatune would have gone all the way to Earth to find somebody to perform it on if he wasn\u8217\'92t confident in its success, right? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But if the operation was such a sure thing, why couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t they just perform the operation on somebody from their own planet? Unless, as he suspected earlier, they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 sure of its safety and because the operation is going to be performed on an Earthling, if it failed and he died as a result, no Rulatian would ever know about it because nobody would even know he existed. Father Quelatune did say that this trip to Earth was extremely unpopular with the Council. But why was it? Robert had a lot of questions but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to completely rule this operation out either. He was curious about what \u8220\'93special powers\u8221\'94 he would obtain. If these powers could give him an edge, why not consider undergoing it? If Father Quelatune and Rebekah flew all the way to Earth to bring him here, maybe this operation was something they felt was truly necessary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He went into the living room and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t find Tiffany. She must have gone out. He looked at the TV. It was still unplugged from earlier. He went to pour some cereal that looked like Frosted Flakes but wasn\u8217\'92t actually Frosted Flakes at all and proceeded to eat. It tasted just like Frosted Flakes though. The imitation Earth food was pretty amazing on this planet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door opened and in came Tiffany.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Tiffany,\u8221\'94 Robert said. He looked at her and could tell something was on her mind.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob, we need to talk,\u8221\'94 she said. She sat down on the couch and gestured for him to come over. He sat down next to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob, I talked to Father Quelatune and Rebekah about this operation,\u8221\'94 she said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was shocked. Why would they talk to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 her }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 but not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 him?}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If you want my opinion, I think you should go through with it. They assured me that it\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s safe and they wouldn\u8217\'92t have gone through the trouble of sending us here if they weren\u8217\'92t sure it was.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Tiffany, why didn\u8217\'92t they tell us about it until now? If it was a safe operation, what did they have to hide?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, Bob, you know that if Father Quelatune would have told you that you were being sent to another planet to be operated on by aliens light years away, there\u8217\'92s no way you would have agreed to come here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They could have at least told us yesterday on our way here. They talked about everything from the war with the Kwans, to the cease-fire to the attack on Candel Village, but nothing about an operation,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I agree. Look, I don\u8217\'92t have all the answers, but can you at least talk to them?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t ruled anything out, Tiffany.\u8221\'94 Robert got up from the couch and plugged the TV back in. He turned it on and they were met with the same blue screen they were met with before. \u8220\'93I wonder if there\u8217\'92s a way we can reach Father Quelatune with this,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany searched the remote and started mashing the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93REQUEST\u8221\'94 button, which did nothing. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not sure,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She handed Robert the remote, giving up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert held down the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93REQUEST\u8221\'94 button. \u8220\'93Father Quelatune!? You there!?\u8221\'94 Robert called out to the TV before releasing the \u8220\'93REQUEST\u8221\'94 button. It was worth a shot, right?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly the button lit up on the remote, the TV went to a white screen and a fancy animated image of an hour glass showed up. Tiffany and Robert looked at each other, surprised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were then met with Father Quelatune in his office with his head turned to the side, working at his desk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God, Robert, it worked!\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune turned to face them. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi guys.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um, hi, Father. Do you have a minute? Robert had some questions for you about the}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  Kaoli Man }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 project,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be down there in a few hours then,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The TV cut back to the blue screen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert grinned. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, at least we know how to work the TV.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany, curious, took the remote from Robert and held down the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93REQUEST\u8221\'94 button.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Casablanca!\u8221\'94 she called out while laughing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert laughed as well. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Silly goose, that movie\u8217\'92s from Earth, there\u8217\'92s no way they\u8217\'92ll\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly, the screen turned white again and an image of the hourglass showed up, except this time along with it was an image of the theatrical release poster for the 1942 classic film }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Casablanca}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , along with the title, director, starring cast and a brief summary of the film.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God!\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The hour glass turned into a set of on-screen buttons: \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Watch Movie\u8221\'94 and \u8220\'93Exit\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got some time to kill, don\u8217\'92t we?\u8221\'94 Tiffany said snuggling up next to Robert as he turned on the film and the lights dimmed automatically.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A few hours later, it was late afternoon. Father Quelatune started to make his way down the elevator and into Robert and Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat along with them on the couch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, how are you feeling, Son?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert paused before answering. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, Father, I\u8217\'92ve thought a lot about this ever since the meeting this morning. I understand why you guys didn\u8217\'92t say anything to Tiffany and me about this project on Earth, but why didn\u8217\'92t you tell us about it yesterday on our way here?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I really don\u8217\'92t know, Robert. I didn\u8217\'92t know when or how to tell you. If I could go back in time, I would have told you then. I want to apologize. I really am sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert could tell Father Quelatune was sincere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93Can you promise me that this operation is safe? What exactly are they going to be doing to me? What are these powers I\u8217\'92m gonna have?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand you have a lot of questions, Robert, so I\u8217\'92m gonna try to answer them to the best of my ability.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father, do you want a drink of water?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks, Tiffany,\u8221\'94 he said. She got up, went to the fridge and handed him a bottled water. Quelatune opened it and took a sip. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93First of all,\u8221\'94 he said, \u8220\'93we would have never gone all the way to Earth to get you if we weren\u8217\'92t certain of this operation\u8217\'92s safety. A trip to Earth is not only expensive but dangerous, as the two of you could tell. Anything could have happened to us going to or coming back from your planet. Now I\u8217\'92m sure you\u8217\'92re asking then, if this is such a safe operation why we couldn\u8217\'92t get one of our own people to undergo it. The reason is because we don\u8217\'92t want our citizens to know about this operation. The reason we don\u8217\'92t want them to know is because we do not have time to get their approval nor do we want to complicate this issue further via public debate. We can\u8217\'92t run the risk of not being able to do this just because the citizens of this country don\u8217\'92t think we should. Do you understand? There are some situations where the people don\u8217\'92t need to know what goes on behind closed doors. It\u8217\'92s for their benefit.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand that, Father. Believe it or not, I do. So what exactly are you guys going to be doing to me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So here\u8217\'92s the way this is going to work,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said. \u8220\'93As you know, Kaolium is the greatest and most valuable natural resource known to mankind. We are the only ones we know of in the entire universe that have the knowledge of how to not only extract stored energy from it, but also the knowledge on how to transfer that energy elsewhere. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Kaolium energy on Rulose Island is transferred directly from the Kaoli Emerald in the Rulose Temple to a power hub about ten miles from here and from the hub to power centers all throughout the country. Those power centers power homes, vehicles, businesses, everything. When Kaoli energy is transferred from Kaolium to a piece of Carbon, like say, a lump of coal, it becomes what is known as Kaolite. Kaolite is far, far more powerful than ordinary coal and pollutes slightly less but it is no where near as powerful as energy transferred directly from the Kaoli Emerald. The Kwans use Kaolite to power their cities as well as their ships. There are Kaolite fired power plants all throughout the Kwan Empire. Kaolite was what gave us the peace treaty with the Kwans. We would give them Kaolite in exchange for them leaving us alone. Are you following so far, Son?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes I am,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s the important part. In order for Kaolium to be of any use, it must be stored with energy. Kaolium is able to absorb nearly infinite amounts of energy, energy of any kind, whether it be heat energy, electrical energy, nuclear energy which is what was used in the box that brought you here, or, and here\u8217\'92s the big one: human life energy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany and Robert exchanged bewildered looks.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Human life energy?\u8221\'94 Robert asked. \u8220\'93Come again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Robert. What we found is that there is another form of energy that you may not be familiar with. It is a form of energy that the Kwans aren\u8217\'92t even familiar with. It is the energy that sustains life, the energy that powers your consciousness. It is literally the energy that sustains your soul. It is found in all forms of sentient life, in humans, animals and even the Kwans. It is the energy whose existence determines the difference between life and death. This energy is more powerful than any other energy known in the universe. The life energy of one newborn rodent, for instance, is enough to power this entire city with plenty left to spare.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany were impressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But the power isn\u8217\'92t the important aspect, guys,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. He leaned in close. \u8220\'93Life energy is }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 spirit}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  energy, and by channeling and controlling spirit energy, we can open up a conduit to the Spirit World.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mouths were open with shock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is crazy,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m aware this is all unbelievable to you, but the Spirit World contains forces far more powerful than what is available in the physical world. You\u8217\'92re at least familiar with the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 concept }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 of a spiritual world, are you not?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany glanced at each other again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93Most people on Earth believe in a spiritual world beyond physical reality, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And why do you think people believe that, Robert? Guess what, most people on this planet believe that too. We humans are innately aware of a spiritual realm even if we\u8217\'92ve never been shown empirical evidence of one\u8217\'92s existence. That is because there really }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  a spiritual world, and by channeling the energy your spirit provides you with to be conscious in this world, you can gain access to the Spirit World and call upon forces the likes of which no one has ever seen.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was always a spiritual and religious person, but calling upon and manipulating forces from the Spirit World seemed dangerous.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wouldn\u8217\'92t that be dangerous?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It depends on who has such powers. In life, people\u8217\'92s decisions are affected by what goes on in the Spirit World. Adolf Hitler didn\u8217\'92t kill six million Jews on your planet fifty years ago just because. He did it because he was being led by demonic forces in the Spirit World. Queen Riptide hasn\u8217\'92t taken over this entire planet and enslaved a third of its population just because. She did it because she is being led by demonic forces in the Spirit World. These forces in the Spirit World can manipulate what goes on in the physical world only through people\u8217\'92s actions. The powers you are going to possess will allow you to unleash these powerful forces from the Spirit World. We would be no match if your intentions were evil. That is why we had to be very careful in who we picked for this operation. That being said, there are just as many forces of good in the Spirit World who are just as powerful, if not even more so, as the evil ones. You have the power to unleash these forces as well.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert nor Tiffany were expecting this kind of conversation. Robert had no idea he was about to become\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A sorcerer?\u8221\'94 Robert asked. \u8220\'93Is that what you guys are trying to make me?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Essentially, yes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert paused again, glanced at Tiffany and back at Father Quelatune. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What happens if I refuse?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Kwans outnumber us ten to one, Robert. We need all the help we can get.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert wanted to do this. He wanted to make a difference in the world, and plus, having magical powers that would allow him to conjure up forces from another dimension sounded appealing to him. He wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t entirely sure if this operation was safe, but he was willing to give it a try.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what, Father? I\u8217\'92ll do it,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune sighed with relief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m really glad to hear that, Robert. Are you sure you don\u8217\'92t have any other questions for me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I undergo the operation too?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No you may not, Tiffany,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Why not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because we need you to help Robert recover. This operation costs millions of dollars per person. You weren\u8217\'92t originally scheduled to come here and so you weren\u8217\'92t allotted in the funding for it. I\u8217\'92m sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond. Quelatune got up from the couch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So when do I start?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll let you know. I have to go,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said on his way out. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad to see you guys got the TV working.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune left. Tiffany was silent. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiff, you alright?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She got up from the couch and went over to the coat rack to put her jacket on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where are you going?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be back soon. I just need to take a walk,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiff, I\u8217\'92m really sorry Quelatune didn\u8217\'92t let you undergo the operation.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s alright,\u8221\'94 she said sadly. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll be back soon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She opened up the door and shut it behind her.}}