{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t end up going as badly as they thought they would go. They ended up going much, much worse. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 45 minutes outside of Gaia, Quelatune and Rebekah began  to make adjustments for landing. It was at that moment reports from Angelina started coming in stating that the Kwans sent militants out to the Desert of Illusion with heavy-armors and mechas on the ground as well as war machines in the sky, presumably because they found out people from Rulose Island were landing there and wanted to launch a full scale attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bad news, Father,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune, who was sitting on the couch, rose to his feet and went back over to the control station.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Really bad news, actually,\u8221\'94 she continued. \u8220\'93The Kwans know we\u8217\'92re coming. They\u8217\'92ve got hostiles on the ground and in the air in full force; war machines, heavy-armors and mechas!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany looked at each other fearfully. Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face was white with fear.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do they know that it\u8217\'92s us who\u8217\'92s landing!?\u8221\'94 Quelatune asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No they don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t know who it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune shook his head in disbelief. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The Kwans wouldn\u8217\'92t dare fire at the President of Rulose Island!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert saw the blue Earth-like planet they were approaching on one of the monitor screens.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune hit a button on the control deck. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Angelina, this is Father Quelatune! Listen, we\u8217\'92re\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re on it, Father,\u8221\'94 Marxis, the Mission Director at the Rulose Temple said over the radio speakers for everyone to hear. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re aware that the situation in the desert has completely changed. Several hostiles are in the area and are planning an attack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let the Kwans know that it\u8217\'92s me, Father Quelatune! They can\u8217\'92t possibly know that it is me who is landing because they would never fire at the President of Rulose Island! Tell them we\u8217\'92re coming from a mission in space and that we had to perform an emergency landing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Will due, sir. We\u8217\'92ll try to take care of this. You\u8217\'92re only 45 minutes away. Unfortunately, Rulose military aid isn\u8217\'92t going to arrive soon enough to help you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, we\u8217\'92re aware of that, Marxis,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s the most powerful Kwan you can get on the line with us?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re still working on that. You\u8217\'92re gonna have to wait,\u8221\'94 Marxis said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone in the room including Robert and Tiffany leaned back and sighed with frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Hostile heavily armed alien militants running around in the desert on their own turf made Robert shudder. But as scared as he was in this moment, he felt more alive than he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s felt since his return from Mogadishu. The one thing, ironically enough, that gave him so much stress and caused him so much pain was the one thing he was addicted to more than anything else: battle. He loved the thrill of putting his life on the line, dueling with death and beating it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany buried her face in her hands as she quivered with fear. Robert didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know if she was scared or ashamed she was indirectly the cause of all this. He did not fault her at all, even if she faulted herself.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis was back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father Quelatune, this is Marxis from Angelina again. We received intel back from the Kwans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And?\u8221\'94 Quelatune asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The good news is that they have been informed that it is you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93OK, and\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The bad news is\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the bad news, Marxis?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The bad news, Father, is that they don\u8217\'92t care.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone gasped. Quelatune was taken aback. Were the Kwans really going to try to assassinate him!? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis continued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93By order of their general, Lemor-Ixa, they are set to launch a full scale attack!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marxis, this has to be a mistake!\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93General Lemor-Ixa has to be acting outside of Queen Riptide\u8217\'92s orders. Is there any way we can speak with her!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re still working on that,\u8221\'94 Marxis said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do what you can, Marxis.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I will,\u8221\'94 Marxis replied. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll contact the\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was suddenly complete static on all of the monitors. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What tha\u8230\'85? Marxis!?\u8221\'94 Rebekah screamed. Robert and Tiffany rose to their feet and started over to Rebekah and Quelatune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is General Lemor-Ixa,\u8221\'94 a loud booming woman\u8217\'92s voice rang out over the speakers. Startled, everyone looked around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We know you\u8217\'92re on the ship, Father Quelatune,\u8221\'94 the voice continued. \u8220\'93I think you know what we want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Lemor-Ixa!\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes darted every which way in panic. Beads of sweat started to form on his forehead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Has this ever happened before!?\u8221\'94 Bob whispered to Rebekah. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah quickly shook her head.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93W, what the hell are you doing!!?\u8221\'94 Quelatune cried out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve taken over your shuttle,\u8221\'94 Lemor-Ixa said. \u8220\'93We could shut your entire system down and cause you to crash if we wanted!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone on board was in complete shock. Quelatune was speechless. He then cried out helplessly again, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marxis! Are you still there!? If you can hear us, help!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bring back every slave that sought refuge on your land,\u8221\'94 Lemor-Ixa said. \u8220\'93Every man, woman and child.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah, Tiffany and Robert shook their heads at Quelatune, indicating to him not to take Lemor-Ixa up on this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune continued to cry out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marxis! Help! Somebody help!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The lights dimmed and the ship jolted hard, so hard that Robert doubled over and bumped into Tiffany.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The engine purred loudly and the floor began to vibrate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah gasped, tugging onto Quelatune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s arm in total panic. \u8220\'93Father! The ship is accelerating! We\u8217\'92re only 20 minutes outside of the planet\u8217\'92s gravity! We\u8217\'92ll explode before even touching the ground if we hit the planet\u8217\'92s atmosphere at the speed we\u8217\'92re going!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 BRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The engine accelerated even more. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit!\u8221\'94 Robert said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany, face wet with tears took Rebekah by the shoulder. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, can\u8217\'92t you cut off the ship\u8217\'92s communications!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can, but we won\u8217\'92t be able to land!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But at the very least, you can stop them from shutting the ship down completely, right!?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do it, Rebekah!\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah got up from her seat, jogged over to another part of the room and opened up a small door. Before her were several fuses and wires.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on, come on,\u8221\'94 Rebekah whispered to herself while looking for the right one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here it is!\u8221\'94 she said. She yanked a large wire from its socket. Suddenly all the monitors went off and a large shutdown was heard throughout the room as the lights dimmed momentarily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah unplugged another wire and plugged it in place of the wire she unplugged and the monitors sprang back to life. Marxis was on all of the monitors looking around in panic. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank God!\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93Can you hear me!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No answer. Marxis was on the screen trying to say something but he wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t audible.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hang on, Father. I\u8217\'92m still working on it,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She unplugged another large wire and plugged it back in. There was a loud pop in the speakers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father! Can you hear me!?\u8221\'94 Marxis asked. He was loud and clear. Yes!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Marxis!\u8221\'94 Quelatune answered. \u8220\'93I can! Can you hear us!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes I can!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank God!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have another problem though, Father!\u8221\'94 Marxis said. \u8220\'93Rebekah cut off the engine\u8217\'92s communications to us. That means you won\u8217\'92t be able to  land or slow down and you\u8217\'92re going way too fast! You\u8217\'92re only five minutes away from the planet\u8217\'92s gravity! That box will not be able to handle the turbulence going at that speed once you hit the planet\u8217\'92s atmosphere!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah rushed back over to the control deck and started frantically turning dials and pushing buttons. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slowing it down won\u8217\'92t be a problem,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93All I have to do is turn the blasters opposite directions. Landing though, that\u8217\'92s gonna\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait!\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. Everyone turned back to her. \u8220\'93Father Quelatune, didn\u8217\'92t you say that rebels have been in the Desert of Illusion fighting the Kwans!? They can help us, right!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone paused.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune clapped loudly as if he had an idea. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it, Tiffany!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah shrugged.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you talking about!?\u8221\'94 Marxis asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s talking about the X1,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am?\u8221\'94 Tiffany blurted out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune hopped up from his seat, wheels in motion. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marxis, get the rebels to send up the X1! The X1 can merge with this box and we\u8217\'92ll be able to land. Not only that but we\u8217\'92ll be able to take care of the hostiles!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, we\u8217\'92re on it,\u8221\'94 Marxis said. \u8220\'93Signing out for now!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The monitors went back to the litany of maps and the live camera feed of them getting closer and closer to Gaia. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As if all of that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t enough, a loud buzzer went off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah looked up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh boy. We\u8217\'92re low on fuel.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The X1 better come and get us now,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell is the X1?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune turned to Robert. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a very large battle airship. Rulose Island has been supplying the rebels with arms and the X1 is one of those arms that we gave to them. It was once one of our battleships so it shouldn\u8217\'92t have any problem merging with this box. The only thing is that the X1 is only designed for very brief space travel, no more than 20 minutes or so. But that won\u8217\'92t be a problem because all it has to do is come get us. Not only that, but the X1 is a beast of a fighter. All the guns and missiles anybody could ask for and the Kwans\u8217\'92 anti-aircraft guns on the ground are no match for it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis reappeared on all of the monitors. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, we got in touch with the rebels and they can send the X1. The only problem though is that their pilots are still being trained to fly it.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone on board looked at each other.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How confident in their abilities are they in flying it, Marxis?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I couldn\u8217\'92t get a handle on it, but their pilot who is supposed to be on his way here, let\u8217\'92s just say he can fly it around an empty sky without any problems. He\u8217\'92s never flown it around when a large group of Kwans were trying to take it out. He knows how to use all of the weapons and activate the Shield but he hasn\u8217\'92t had much practice in real-world combat. Unfortunately, none of our pilots from Rulose Island are available in that region to help him. As I said, their top pilot is leaving the station now as we speak. We\u8217\'92ll keep you posted. I have to check back with them. I\u8217\'92m out for now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis was gone. }}