{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune sat down on the couch. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our lives are now in the hands of a trainee\u8221\'94, he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not for long,\u8221\'94 Robert said standing up. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m a pilot, remember?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah turned to Robert. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How do you know if Earth\u8217\'92s aircraft are anything like ours?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Actually, they\u8217\'92re just like theirs,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93We modeled our aircraft to be similar to Earth\u8217\'92s. We had an old design that worked for a while but aircraft control was one of the few things Earthlings did better than us, so we copied it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great!\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93That means I can help them out!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah turned to Robert again. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Easy, Tiger. You can help them out as soon as we merge with this box.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis reappeared on the monitors. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The X1 has launched, they\u8217\'92re coming up, guys!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A camera shot of a handsome South Asian man surrounded by several controls appeared on one of the monitors. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cypher here reporting! Going up now. We\u8217\'92re almost at altitude. Unfortunately, no crew. I\u8217\'92m all you got.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here\u8217\'92s what the plan is, Cypher. Robert is an ace fighter pilot from Earth, so he\u8217\'92s going to co-pilot with you as soon as we merge to deal with the hostiles, OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis gasped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa, wait! What!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah waved her hand as if not wanting to argue with him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s a done deal, Marxis. We\u8217\'92re doing it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis still wanted to argue. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hang on, just wait a minute, we\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marxis,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93How close are we to the planet\u8217\'92s atmosphere?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh!? Uh\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Marxis glanced to the left. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92d say about fifteen minutes, Father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune looked over at Rebekah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re gonna be cutting it real close,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cypher, put the pedal to the metal, you gotta get up there as fast as you can!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93On it, sir!\u8221\'94 Cypher answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert took Tiffany by the hand. She was shaking in fear. This was becoming a bit much for her to handle. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s gonna be alright, Tiff,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune turned to Cypher. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cypher, I need you to answer a question. How much training have you guys had in merging with a box?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really wanna know?\u8221\'94 Cypher asked. \u8220\'93None.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone including Marxis on the monitor sighed. Quelatune was hoping Marxis wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t correct that this guy was a newbie.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wonderful,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said, throwing her hands up in frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve got this, guys, don\u8217\'92t worry about it!\u8221\'94 Cypher reassured. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You don\u8217\'92t understand, Cypher,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have control of our ship. I had to cut off the controls because the Kwans, by jamming the communication between Angelina and the box, tampered with it. That means you\u8217\'92re going to be doing all of the work. That\u8217\'92s a very difficult procedure. One thing goes wrong, you\u8217\'92ll mess up the merge and it will do us no good!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Stop making me nervous,\u8221\'94 Cypher said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune whispered, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re making him nervous, Rebekah.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just being honest,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re being pessimistic,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Guys!\u8221\'94 Robert said. Quelatune and Rebekah turned to him. \u8220\'93Reconnect the controls.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, Lemor-Ixa will take control of them again,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think about it,\u8221\'94 Robert continued. \u8220\'93We disconnected the controls and have had them disconnected for a while now. Lemor-Ixa probably gave up. She\u8217\'92s probably not coming back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know, Robert,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think Robert has the right idea,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93Rebekah, go reconnect the controls.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah sighed, got up and ran over to the small door she was at before and opened it. She pulled the big wire she pulled out before and unplugged the wire she replaced it with. Every monitor went out momentarily but came back on when she re-plugged everything and shut the door. The lights dimmed for a second but nothing else seemed to happen. She then ran back over to the controls and started adjusting things.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cypher called out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, I\u8217\'92m in orbit!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marxis, how far apart are we?\u8221\'94 Rebekah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis glanced to his left. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, I\u8217\'92d say in about five minutes you two are gonna meet.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah called out to Cypher, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You mess this up, we\u8217\'92re all dead! You know that, right!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, please stop making him nervous!\u8221\'94 Tiffany shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah looked at Tiffany with contempt and was about to say something but thought the better of it. Cypher continued to focus. Robert looked at the monitor and the image of Gaia was taking up most of the screen. They were that close to the planet now. He saw no image of the X1 anywhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where is he?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s coming, Robert,\u8221\'94 Marxis said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany pointed at the screen. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey look, there he is!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert looked at the monitor again and could see the X1 coming into view. It was still kind of small on the monitor but he could see that it was a very impressive looking ship. It quickly started to grow in size on the screen as they drew closer and closer to it. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Robert said in awe, impressed by how incredible this ship was. It was massive, at least twice the size of a commercial jet from Earth. \u8220\'93That thing is huge,\u8221\'94 he said as the ship loomed closer to them. Its design was sophisticated and heavily armored, not shaped like anything from Earth. Steel gray, its design was angular, hi-tech and had several guns on it, large and small. If one could imagine in the year 2190 on Earth, the US Air Force wanted to design the biggest, greatest attack aircraft in the world, it probably wouldn\u8217\'92t be anywhere close to this impressive. Several large plates on the ship started to move and change formation as mechanical processes caused a large opening to form under the hull.}}