{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Pretty neat, huh?\u8221\'94 Tiffany whispered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Merge sequence initiated,\u8221\'94 Cypher said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ship was only about two football fields away at this point and took up most of the monitor screen. Robert was blown away by how incredible this machine looked that it was almost lost on him how dire the present situation was. Everyone around him was working diligently but he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t help but marvel at how freaking cool this thing was!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah steadily moved a joystick to where a cursor highlighted something on a map on one of the monitors. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, here we go. Tell me when to go ahead, Marxis.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis started counting down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'938\u8230\'85.7\u8230\'85.6\u8230\'85..5\u8230\'85\u8230\'854\u8230\'85..\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The engine began to purr again.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'933\u8230\'85.2\u8230\'85.1\u8230\'85.Go, go, go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah hit a button at the top of the joystick and suddenly Robert and Tiffany heard mechanical processes going on above the ceiling of the box.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Initiating merge process now, Father!\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune nodded, which made Robert and Tiffany feel better since his nodding meant things were going the way they were supposed to. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cypher braced himself. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Contact any moment now, guys!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert saw on the monitor that they were getting closer and closer to the large opening in the ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hull. They were only about 50 feet from it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Soon, the box rose up to the point of going inside the large opening. The plates and mechanics of the behemoth X1 closed up, swallowing the box. The monitor that had been displaying a few of outside was now a blank screen as the box was completely shrouded in darkness. They then heard and felt fastening all around the box. The box jolted one last time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Ding\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The gentle bell sound from earlier sounded and everyone breathed a sigh of relief as a power-down hum echoed throughout the box before going silent. Tiffany and Robert applauded as did Quelatune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Merge complete guys!\u8221\'94 Cypher said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune gave Cypher a thumbs up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great job, Cypher!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The double-doors of the box opened and they were met with a long hallway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune and Rebekah left their controls and headed out of the box into the X1. Robert and Tiffany followed. The hallway was as large as one would expect and looked like the hallway of a space-age military complex. Robert was rapt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What an impressive ship this is, Father Quelatune.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thanks Robert. It cost us a fortune,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93The X2 is even better than this one though. That one is back in  Angelina. You\u8217\'92ll get to meet its designer once we get back.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They approached a sliding door and entered a large room full of seats and controls. This was the control room and cockpit of the X1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, this is where you and Cypher are going to do your work,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There were large windows all around them revealing the sea of stars of outer space. It was the most beautiful room Robert had ever been in. In the center of the room was a large desk with a magnificent array of flight controls along with a large flight stick. There was a large deck that hang from the ceiling with even more controls and several screens for radar, altitude, temperature, oxygen, weather analysis and so on. Cypher was seen manning these controls. He turned around and smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There you guys are!\u8221\'94  }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert looked around again, still impressed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t have anything like this on Earth!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cypher shrugged and looked around. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, she\u8217\'92s a beauty. We\u8217\'92re really appreciative of it, that\u8217\'92s for sure.\u8221\'94 He then looked over at the controls and back at Robert. \u8220\'93So you sure you up for helping me out with this thing?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was excited. He sat down at the controls in the co-pilot\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s seat right next to Cypher. Some of the controls were familiar but a lot of them were not. Luckily, Cypher was there to give him a crash course. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the controls Robert wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t familiar with was the Shield, which provided an energy force-field around the entire ship or just to the front end depending on the setting. Activating the Shield for too long wasted a lot of fuel so it was best to only apply it when it was necessary. He found it easy to select which guns he wanted to fire. Cypher was a good teacher but he could see why the X1 needed two pilots. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cypher told him, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad you\u8217\'92re co-pilot because I\u8217\'92m good at teaching. I\u8217\'92m not as good at actually doing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The X1 shook as they broke through the planet\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s atmosphere at high speed. Blue sky surrounded them as they saw the clouds below. }}