{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As they made their descent, Robert saw a vast expanse of desert and sure enough, metal objects moving on the ground. As they drew closer, he saw that these were weaponized vehicles the likes of which he had never seen. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis suddenly appeared on one of the monitors. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Holy shit! Guys, get your minds right! A war machine is level with you!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The radar screen started flashing red and an alarm went off. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cypher glanced quickly over at Robert and then straight ahead. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve got a dogfight on our hands, guys!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A war machine is locked onto you, Robert! Activate your Shield!\u8221\'94 Marxis said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A pang of excitement punched Robert in the stomach. His heart raced. He did as he was told, flipped a switch on the desk and the Shield was activated. He heard a hi-tech purring sound throughout the ship. He heard a loud explosion but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel the impact of what was presumably a missile. That must have been the Shield working.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s adrenaline pumped through his veins. Everything around him became silent as he searched for the aircraft that hit him. \u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t find what it was that hit me!\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cypher banked up and over  to the right. Everything on the radar screen spun around as the red dot which represented the war machine that hit him came into view.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The war machine rose up in front of him. A soft buzzer sounded to indicate to Robert that he had a lock on the target. He launched a missile. It flew with its long tail of smoke and made contact, blowing the war machine out of the sky. The explosion was spectacular, so much so that everyone in the X1 jumped with excitement. Robert cut off the Shield.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa! Kill!\u8221\'94 Marxis said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah pointed to the radar. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Two more in your corners, Bob!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The X1 rocked hard. They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been hit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert looked around in panic. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The hell was that!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been hit!\u8221\'94 Marxis said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another big jolt was felt and they were rocked several more times. Robert remained focused. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s been here before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cypher cried out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re getting bombarded! Cut the Shields on again, Bob!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Bob flipped the switch, cutting the Shield on. The soft, hi-tech hum throughout the ship sounded as the Shield re-activated. He turned the rear guns backwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two large rear guns on the back of the X1 quickly spun backwards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert, confident, felt like showing off. He glanced at Cypher and smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Blind shot here. Watch this!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two powerful lasers fired from the rear guns that were turned backwards and sliced the left wing off one of the two war machines firing at them from behind. The war machine spun out of control and rammed hard into the other one next to it, blowing its wing off as well. Both of them mangled up with each other in a big fireball.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune gasped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoa, that was incredible!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany nodded with knowing admiration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s my man.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert cut the Shield off again to save fuel, still focused. Another red pair of dots showed up on the radar. One of the war machines came into view. Robert fired another homing missile but it missed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He dodged it! Try it again, Robert!\u8221\'94 Marxis said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He flipped another switch and two smaller guns on each side of the ship rose from two compartments. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cypher looked over worriedly at Robert. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh, lasers? Those don\u8217\'92t home, those\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Suppression fire, Cy,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert fired. A litany of rapid-fire laser blasts burst from the guns.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other war machine came into view. One banked up and the other to the right. Robert fired another homing missile again and nailed one of them to another spectacular explosion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Another kill, Robert! Wow!\u8221\'94 Marxis said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The other war machine fired a missile right at them. A powerful laser from the bottom of the X1 specifically designed to intercept head-on missiles fired and blasted the missile away. Robert fired another homing missile at the war machine. Another kill. He was in the zone, everyone was amazed and he knew it. Five kills in less than three minutes. That was unheard of even in the X1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune nodded at Rebekah. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s a keeper.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cypher banked lower. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert had a clear view of the litany of space-age rolling tanks and walking battle mechs on the ground. He gasped in amazement at what he saw. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My God, this looks like Star Wars!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cypher chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Star Wars? That space movie that plays on your planet?\u8221\'94\line The tanks and battle mechs\u8217\'92 gunfire was feeble and did little damage to the X1. The X1 fired back and those tanks and mechas were no match. Gunfire rained down from the X1 as its massive shadow loomed over the desert. Robert saw the anti-aircraft gun and blew it straight to Hell.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The vehicles started to retreat as a firestorm of missiles and lasers from the X1 continued to rain down. Kwan militants jumped out from their vehicles and started running away on foot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A spare war machine was on the ground as several Kwans hopped inside. The war machine\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s back door closed and it instantly rose into the air and flew off. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Dammit! Well, some of them got away!\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93Get ready for landing, Cypher\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Cypher eased the throttle back. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Going into landing sequence now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The landing sequence was tricky because they were on uneven ground. The impact from the landing was so intense that everyone on board the X1 almost fell over.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The engine was cut off. It was now quiet. Smoke and convection clouded the hot dry desert that surrounded them. It reminded Robert of Mogadishu. His head was damp with sweat as he sighed and leaned back in his seat. His job was done. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everybody applauded him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune placed his hand on Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder and smiled. \u8220\'93Now you see why we brought you here, Bob?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert laughed softly even though his nerves were still taut. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Seriously, son, you\u8217\'92re the\u8230\'85.}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 second}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  best pilot I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve ever seen.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert turned to Quelatune. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who\u8217\'92s the first?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Amaga. She\u8217\'92s our Secretary of Defense at the ripe old age of 24. She\u8217\'92s incredible. She\u8217\'92s also the designer of this ship as well as the X2 back in Angelina.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They left the X1, Robert and Tiffany finally stepped foot on this unfamiliar planet for the first time. They looked around and were surprised by how much it looked like Earth. Around them was destruction. Battle mechs and tanks were on fire as plumes of black smoke billowed from several destroyed vehicles. Robert was almost in awe of what he did. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94Let\u8217\'92s go back inside,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said, leading everyone back inside the X1.}}