{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Things didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t end up going as badly as they thought they would go. They ended up going much, much worse. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 45 minutes outside of Gaia, Quelatune and Rebekah began  to make adjustments for landing. It was at that moment reports from Angelina started coming in stating that the Kwans sent militants out to the Desert of Illusion with heavy-armors and mechas on the ground as well as war machines in the sky, presumably because they found out people from Rulose Island were landing there and wanted to launch a full scale attack.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bad news, Father,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune, who was sitting on the couch, rose to his feet and went back over to the control station.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Really bad news, actually. The Kwans know we\u8217\'92re coming. They\u8217\'92ve got hostiles on the ground and in the air in full force; war machines, heavy-armors and mechas!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany looked at each other fearfully. Tiffany\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face was white with fear.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do they know that it\u8217\'92s us who\u8217\'92s landing!?\u8221\'94 Quelatune asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93No they don\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t know who it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune shook his head in disbelief. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The Kwans wouldn\u8217\'92t dare fire at the President of Rulose Island!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert saw the blue Earth-like planet they were approaching on one of the monitor screens.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune hit a button on the control deck. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Angelina, this is Father Quelatune! Listen, we\u8217\'92re\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re on it, Father,\u8221\'94 Marxis, the Mission Director at the Rulose Temple said over the radio speakers for everyone to hear. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re aware that the situation in the desert has completely changed. Several hostiles are in the area and are planning an attack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let the Kwans know that it\u8217\'92s me, Father Quelatune! They can\u8217\'92t possibly know that it is me who is landing because they would never fire at the President of Rulose Island! Tell them we\u8217\'92re coming from a mission in space and that we had to perform an emergency landing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Will due, sir. We\u8217\'92ll try to take care of this. You\u8217\'92re only 45 minutes away. Unfortunately, Rulose military aid isn\u8217\'92t going to arrive soon enough to help you.\u8221\'94}}