{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s living room was large, feminine and luxurious. Tiffany immediately saw a baby\u8217\'92s crib similar to the one she had back on Earth for Michael. Rebekah went over to it, presumably to check on a baby.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a child, Rebekah?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked, pleasantly surprised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah lifted her baby from the crib. Tiffany was shocked to find that the baby boy she was holding in her arms was a baby Kwan with a bald head, pointed ears and kitten-like eyes. Tiffany didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know what to say but Rebekah could see she was surprised. Tiffany didn\u8217\'92t do a good job of hiding her emotions.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Indicating Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression, Rebekah said, \u8220\'93Have a seat, Tiffany.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany sat down on the couch with Rebekah. The baby babbled just like any other baby. Rebekah then bottle fed him. He was actually adorable and precious. It\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crazy how ruthless and militant the Kwans are yet their babies are just as innocent looking and gentle as human babies. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So this is my son, Skyler. You may be wondering why he\u8217\'92s a Kwan,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany said nothing. She figured she was better off listening and not talking at this moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My son is a Kwan because I am a Kwan, Tiffany.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was taken aback completely. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wh, what!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s well known to everyone here in the Temple but it isn\u8217\'92t something the public knows about.\u8221\'94 Rebekah then looked up at Tiffany. Her face hardened. \u8220\'93We prefer to keep it that way, understood?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany nervously nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, sure.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah continued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I underwent cosmetic surgery in getting my ears clipped. I also wear contact lenses and a wig to look like a human.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was speechless.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s more,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93Not only am I a Kwan, but I am Queen Riptide\u8217\'92s older sister.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re joking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Many years ago back on Kwantar before Riptide was even born, our mother, Queen Avalon, was still the ruler of Kwantar and I was the rightful heiress to the throne. But I ran away. I didn\u8217\'92t like the manner in which my mother ruled our people. She was a tyrant who sapped the planet\u8217\'92s resources. So, many of our people became nomads for a decade, led by my mother, raiding planet after planet for ten years. It was during this time, Riptide was born. After ten years of their nomadic pillaging and plundering of every habitable planet, they settled on this planet and conquered it with the exception of Rulose Island. It was at this time, six years ago, that my sister took the throne after our mother\u8217\'92s death and decided to wage war on Rulose Island.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what brought you here to Rulose Island?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93During my mother\u8217\'92s reign, she kept me alive. Under Kwan law, an heir to the throne denying their birthright is an act of treason punishable by death. But my mother didn\u8217\'92t want to have me executed because after all, I was still her daughter, so she spared me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna take a wild guess as to what happened once Riptide took the throne,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You guessed it. She did not have the same compassion for me that my mother did. Her first order of business was to have me tried and executed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you sought refuge here on Rulose Island because of that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t just seek refuge, Tiffany.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I came to Rulose Island right after my sister took the throne because I knew she\u8217\'92d not only come after me, but she would come after Rulose Island for allowing me to stay here. This war was not }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 just}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  fought for control over the Kaoli Emerald like many people believe. It was also fought for control over }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 me. }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 If the Kwans take over Rulose Island, I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll have nowhere else to take refuge as they will rule the entire world. I will surely be executed. I\u8217\'92m sure you can see now why I take my job so seriously.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I totally understand, Rebekah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father Quelatune in his brilliance elected me as Head Counselor, the second most powerful office in the country, because I would be granted far more protection than a private citizen. If the Kwans attacked or killed me, it would essentially be taken, per the Rulose constitution, as a declaration of war.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany chuckled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, that ship has sailed, hasn\u8217\'92t it? This country }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  at war with the Kwans.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know that all too well, Tiffany.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah was silent for a moment as she rocked her son.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You OK, Rebekah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah looked back up at Tiffany. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, what was the real reason you decided to pay me a visit tonight?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was almost afraid to answer the question. She wanted to defend her usefulness to Rebekah but was afraid of how she would respond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, I came here because I want you to know that Robert insisted that I come with him to this planet for a reason. I may not be able to undergo this }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project, nor am I a fighter pilot or a military scientist, but\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about trying to impress me, OK? I was hard on you yesterday evening because I take my job very seriously. But maybe I was being unfair to you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was surprised to hear this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah continued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A lot of people have let me down in my life and so it\u8217\'92s almost my default position not to trust others. I shouldn\u8217\'92t put that on you because the more I\u8217\'92ve thought about it today, the more I\u8217\'92ve realized that you have given me no reason to believe what I initially thought about you. So for that I am truly sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany sighed with relief. She was so glad Rebekah apologized to her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s OK, I understand. You care about you\u8217\'92re mission and you\u8217\'92re just trying to do your job.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah leaned back, almost looking out into space. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93These past couple of months have been very difficult for me, Tiffany.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like you, I lost my husband.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was surprised. The more she was learning about Rebekah, the more she was beginning to understand her. It was like a huge weight had been lifted off her shoulders.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only been six months since he passed away. I was still pregnant with Skyler when he died. My son is never going to know his father,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said as her voice broke up. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany took Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. She felt pain for this poor woman. As hurt as Rebekah was, she was glad she was opening up to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I ask how he died?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He was a Kwan Marshal, a military leader,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93They found out we were together during the war and they took him.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Treason?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, treason.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany put her arm around Rebekah and hugged her. Rebekah didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t resist. Tiffany couldn\u8217\'92t believe she was reaching out to Rebekah in this way. Rebekah hugged her back and the two were silent, not even crying, just embracing each other, bonding for the first time, alien and human.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a good person, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s OK to feel vulnerable and hurt. Nobody\u8217\'92s gonna judge you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah nodded solemnly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know, Tiff, you\u8217\'92re honestly the last person I ever imagined telling this to.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m actually really glad to hear that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m glad you came here,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93Thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They hugged again as though they were best friends.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s start over,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said happily.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I\u8217\'92d like that.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah shrugged. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what do you want to do?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany glanced over at the television. It was the exact same type of television set in the wall that was in her and Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment. She picked up the remote and smiled. \u8220\'93Have you seen }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Casablanca}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Casa-}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 what}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94?}}