{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The rest of the airship ride to Angelina was uneventful. Robert, however, worried that since Rebekah didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t approve of Tiffany if anyone else on Rulose Island would. Despite Rebekah\u8217\'92s claims, Father Quelatune didn\u8217\'92t seem to dislike her and neither did Marxis. Before Rebekah spoke to them, he and Tiffany almost kissed. He could feel himself being drawn to her in a way he could not explain. Maybe I\u8217\'92m just vulnerable right now, he thought. The feelings that were running through him in that moment had to have been nothing more than just being caught up in the moment. He hoped Tiffany would not bring up what happened ever again but he worried that he was beginning to develop feelings for her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They touched down at the Angelina airport. They stepped off the airship and looked around. The airport didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t look much different from one on Earth other than the fact that it looked like an airport that would exist on Earth a hundred years from now. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune gave Robert and Tiffany payment cards so that they may eat and shop with no spending limit, all on the government\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s dime. A guide showed them around Angelina. This was nothing like Candel Village and definitely not like the Desert of Illusion. It was an absolute space-age metropolis that was super crowded like New York or Tokyo. Public transportation was the norm. Very few people had their own cars, which looked surprisingly similar to cars on Earth, except, like everything else in Angelina, looked a century ahead of even the most forward-thinking concept cars. Instead of steering wheels, the cars used flight sticks similar to what was seen in the X1. The architecture of buildings looked right out of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Blade Runner}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  or }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Fifth Element}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  and the streets were cleaner than anything you\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d find on Earth. Futuristic aircraft peacefully and quietly loomed over the city. There were electronic billboards and city lights that were present all throughout the urban centers, lighting up the night sky. They had dinner at a restaurant called The Raindrop which served \u8220\'93authentic rural Rulose food\u8221\'94. The cuisine was, um, interesting but delicious. Tiffany and Robert ordered the same thing, which was a dish called Pondrel: a large, seemingly barbecued sea creature that the chef cut in half right in front of them. It was super spicy and kind of sweet but really good. It was served with a side of large stuffed peppers that were boiled in water called Ornaments that you dip in this delicious sauce called Goo. Yes, literally, that\u8217\'92s what they called it. The popular drink on Rulose Island was this beverage called Dormo, which is sweetened warm milk spiked with an alcoholic beverage similar to rum. They both tried one sip and thought it was disgusting so they just ordered two ice waters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were then driven to the Rulose Temple, a beautiful, enormous, 32-story building in the Northern borough of Angelina. They walked into the lobby and looked around them. It was super busy and chaotic even at this late hour with people working the front desk, government officials talking with each other, press people trying to get a story and lobbyists shouting to get their bills passed. It kind of reminded them of Capitol Hill. They were able to be taken to the elevator without being noticed and started going up. They eventually stepped off the elevator and into a quiet hallway. They were then taken to a really nice area that looked like an upscale three bedroom apartment with a high ceiling that provided a gorgeous view of the Angelina skyline. There was a nice large leather couch and love seat in the living room along with a super large 100-inch wide screen television in the wall. The place looked right out of a lifestyle magazine from the year 2100. They noticed their luggage was sitting on the couch.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So, this is where you guys are gonna be staying,\u8221\'94 the guide said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert looked around. He was really impressed. They both then heard a crackling sound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune appeared on their television screen even though the television was turned off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like it?\u8221\'94 he asked through the screen with a smile as his voice echoed in surround sound.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They both jumped back with surprise not expecting him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um, yeah, it\u8217\'92s great. We love it, Father Quelatune! Thank you!\u8221\'94 Robert said gratefully.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As much as I\u8217\'92d like to show you around the rest of the Temple, we need you guys to get as much sleep as possible because we have an early start tomorrow. We have a lot to talk about. I hope you guys had fun, but tomorrow things are gonna get real.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The TV cut off and the guide dismissed himself. Robert and Tiffany looked at each other and smiled. Robert then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re in this now, Tiff.\u8221\'94}}