{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was so tired he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even bother to unpack. He went straight to his bedroom, cut the lights off and crashed in his clothes. He woke up the next morning and made his way into the living room. Tiffany was in the adjacent kitchen in her pajamas, Harvard sweatshirt, hair tied with no makeup on rummaging through the fridge making a sandwich.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked up at him and smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, Bob. How did you sleep?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I slept really well, Tiff, thanks,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He then looked at the TV which was still turned off. He saw instructions on how to operate it sitting on the coffee table in front of him. Apparently, you touch the coffee table and the TV cuts on automatically. Robert touched the coffee table and sure enough, the TV turned on but there were no channels nor was there anything on. He was literally met with just a blue screen. He picked up the remote and besides the power button, there wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t much else. There was a big round button that said \u8220\'93REQUEST\u8221\'94 but no matter how many times he pressed it, nothing happened. There were also UP, DOWN, LEFT and RIGHT buttons along with an OK button but nothing else. None of these buttons did anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I couldn\u8217\'92t get it to work either. I\u8217\'92ll try to ask how to get it to work,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said while she finished making her sandwich. She then sat down on the couch next to him. \u8220\'93So, what\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a lot on Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. He couldn\u8217\'92t stop thinking about the moment they almost kissed on the airship, nor could he stop thinking about Rebekah\u8217\'92s apparent disdain for Tiffany and how much it worried him. He turned to face her. \u8220\'93Tiffany, I really need you to know how much I appreciate you being here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert realized he had told her this many times already but there was something in him that felt like Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s words might have gotten to her a little bit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I really appreciate you taking up for me yesterday. Thank you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93People are gonna soon find out why I wanted you to come here,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re gonna know what you\u8217\'92re worth. You\u8217\'92re an amazing woman, and I need you to know that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand, Bob.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really sound like she believed him but he wasn\u8217\'92t sure why. Did Rebekah really shake her up that badly or was there something else? }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah doesn\u8217\'92t know you the way I do,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s not in a position to judge you the way she did yesterday.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany shook her head dismissively. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not worried about Rebekah, Bob.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert still felt she was keeping something from him. He took her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me what\u8217\'92s really going on, Tiff.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany sighed and said nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany,\u8221\'94 he insisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m good, Bob,\u8221\'94 she said faking a smile. \u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry about me. I\u8217\'92ll be fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert knew she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t being completely honest, but he also knew he wasn\u8217\'92t going to get any more out of her than what he got. He was tempted to bring up their near-kiss but he thought the better of it.}}