{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany wanted some time to be alone. She went into her purse, lit a cigarette and took a drag. She rarely smoked and only did so when she was stressed out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fact that Father Quelatune would not allow her to undergo the operation bothered her because she truly felt she would be even more useless than she already felt she was. What good would she be now when not only is Robert an ace pilot, but he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ll have the power to call up powerful forces from the Spirit World? She felt that the longer she stayed there, the less useful she would become in the eyes of those who were skeptical of her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The image of Rebekah berating her on the airship still played in her mind. She could not help but feel as though she truly }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  useless. Maybe Rebekah was right after all, especially if she knew Robert would be undergoing an operation that would give him magical powers and she wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany knew that before she could convince }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 herself}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  she was valuable to the team, she had to convince Rebekah. She really wanted to make things right with her. }}