{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany went down the elevator to the lobby, went over to the front desk and asked the receptionist working, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, is there any way I could get in touch with Rebekah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The clerk laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You kidding? Rebekah the Head Counselor doesn\u8217\'92t just sit down and chat with }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anyone}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . I might be able to get you in touch with her staff.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah knows who I am,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. \u8220\'93Get me in touch with somebody that can get me in touch with her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The clerk eyed her suspiciously. She then handed Tiffany a card. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Kiddo, here you go. That\u8217\'92s the floor her office is on, but I\u8217\'92m telling you, you probably won\u8217\'92t get in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany rolled her eyes and started to make her way back to the elevator. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She went up to the floor that Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office was on. She went over to the front desk. \u8220\'93Hi, I need to speak with Rebekah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s actually off duty right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Isn\u8217\'92t her office and living quarters one in the same, like Father Quelatune?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right, but she\u8217\'92s off duty.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to see her anyway. I\u8217\'92m coming to visit as a friend.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The receptionist looked at her suspiciously. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do I know you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Probably not,\u8221\'94 Tiffany answered, becoming more frustrated. \u8220\'93Look, can you get me Rebekah or not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The receptionist got up from her seat and started to walk off.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hang on,\u8221\'94 she said with attitude.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She came back after a few moments and pointed to a hallway to her left. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, take that hallway and when you get to the dead end, turn right and it\u8217\'92s the first door on your left.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany made her way to Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s door. She felt the hand of fear grip her stomach. She had not contacted Rebekah or let her know she was coming. She had no idea how Rebekah was going to react but she was prepared for the worst. If Rebekah was super cruel to her, all she had to do was tell Father Quelatune she tried to make things right with her but she was not receptive to it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She knocked on the door. Rebekah opened it. She was in a dark red bath robe without makeup on and still looked beautiful.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany,\u8221\'94 she said flatly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, Rebekah. I, uh, know that this is weird and all. And maybe it\u8217\'92s not proper protocol for me to come over when you\u8217\'92re off duty and all, but, uh, I just, I just want us to be cool. I honestly feel like we got off on the wrong foot and I just wanna talk to you, hash things out with you. Is that OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, I really don\u8217\'92t have a problem with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany said nothing. There was a brief awkward silence.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can this wait until tomorrow?\u8221\'94 Rebekah asked, annoyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can come by tomorrow. That\u8217\'92s cool if you wanna\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what? Come in.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah invited her in.}}