{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany walked back into her and Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s apartment. Robert was watching a video of a Prince concert on TV when she came in. He turned down the volume. \u8220\'93Hey Tiff, how\u8217\'92re ya feeling?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good. I feel a lot better, actually.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sat down on the couch next to him and glanced at the TV. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Prince, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. This is great, they have everything. You can call out anything on here and they probably have it. They\u8217\'92ve apparently been pulling stuff off of our satellites forever.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany nodded, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Um, yeah, that\u8217\'92s pretty cool,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93Hey, Robert, there\u8217\'92s something you\u8217\'92re gonna wanna know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He turned toward her. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I went by Rebekah\u8217\'92s.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert gasped. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? Seriously?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, seriously. You\u8217\'92re not gonna believe the conversation we had.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert finally headed to bed. He had an early start the next day. The operation was in a week and Father Quelatune had him visiting a doctor for a pre-operational checkup. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He could not stop thinking about what Tiffany told him about Rebekah. Not only did Rebekah have a son but most of all, she was Queen Riptide\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s older sister.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Council wanted for this to remain a secret. Robert could easily see why they would because the public would never put their trust in someone with such close ties to the Kwan Empire\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s leadership. He couldn\u8217\'92t stop thinking about the trip yesterday and how it seemed so convenient that the Kwans would know so far ahead of time they would have to perform an emergency landing in the Desert of Illusion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He then thought about how easy it was for Lemor-Ixa to hijack the box\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s controls. He remembered asking Rebekah if such a thing had ever happened and he remembered her saying no. Tiffany told him Queen Riptide wanted Rebekah arrested, tried and executed for not accepting her birthright to the throne.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why Rebekah\u8217\'92s been so hard and that\u8217\'92s why she takes her job so seriously,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. \u8220\'93If we lose this war, Queen Riptide will not only have control of Rulose Island and the Kaoli Emerald, but Rebekah will have nowhere else to run and will surely be executed. This war is literally a matter of life and death for her.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert, however, felt differently. If Rebekah was in this deep with the Kwans to where she could face execution if Rulose Island is conquered, it is plausible for her to be willing to do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anything}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to get out of that situation. Perhaps tipping the Kwans off to Father Quelatune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s location in order for him to be assassinated was a show of loyalty sufficient enough so that she may be spared in case Rulose Island }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 is}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  conquered. Robert didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to believe this was true but he couldn\u8217\'92t help it. It just made too much sense! The fact is, an immediate family member of this nation\u8217\'92s sworn enemy is holding the second highest office in the country. Such a proposition, in his opinion, was beyond the pale.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But Tiffany was in better spirits than she had been since they arrived. She made peace with Rebekah and he didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to ruin that for her. He didn\u8217\'92t have any evidence that any of these feelings he had about Rebekah were warranted. It was then that he decided he would not bring any of this up until more evidence presented itself, but that didn\u8217\'92t mean he wouldn\u8217\'92t be keeping an eye on her.}}