{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Later that afternoon, Robert went through the four hours of medical checkups and was able to arrange a meeting with Father Quelatune. They met in Quelatune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s living room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Robert. Tell me how you\u8217\'92re feeling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m feeling better than I did a few weeks ago for sure,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93I have to say though that something has come to my attention that I want to talk to you about.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, I found out Rebekah is a Kwan.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah told me she told Tiffany. How do you feel about that? And be honest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 honestly}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 , I\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d feel fine about it if when we were on our way here, our box wasn\u8217\'92t hijacked by a Kwan general and we didn\u8217\'92t get into a dogfight in the desert with the Kwans before landing. How did they know we had to make an emergency landing unless\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold it, Robert. Are you suggesting that Rebekah is a mole?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how to answer that. He really did believe something fishy was up but he could see Quelatune already getting uncomfortable. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not suggesting anything, but you asked me to be honest and I\u8217\'92m going to be. I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 am}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  concerned.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand. Listen, we have no reason to believe Rebekah is conspiring with the Kwans. They want her executed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Think about it, Father. If she can tip the Kwans off and they\u8217\'92re able to assassinate you, maybe they\u8217\'92d spare her. There\u8217\'92s a possibility she could have been told that.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, you\u8217\'92re letting your imagination run away with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can I talk to Amaga?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Amaga?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I talked to her brother, Smoke. He said that Amaga would know how easy it was for Lemor-Ixa to hijack the controls of the ship.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, it was Rebekah who disconnected the communications so that Lemor-Ixa couldn\u8217\'92t hijack the ship anymore. Now why would she do that if\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She only did that after you told her to. Tiffany\u8217\'92s idea might have ruined Rebekah\u8217\'92s plans. Notice how cold Rebekah\u8217\'92s been to Tiffany since. This all just makes too much sense to me, Father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune sighed. He then turned toward an intercom and started punching numbers in.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Father!\u8221\'94 said a man\u8217\'92s voice on the intercom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes, Rayo, tell RDD to have Amaga come by here when she gets the chance today. I need to arrange a meeting for her with the Earthlings.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What for?\u8221\'94 the voice over the intercom asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just do it,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said and punched another button to hang up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Robert,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92ll come by your apartment later on tonight.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, yeah, now get outta here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert left, happy he was finally going to be able to get to the bottom of this.}}