{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next morning, Robert and Tiffany were asked to report to Father Quelatune. They were told they would be given their first mission. Robert mentally prepared himself the way he did for briefings back when he was in the Army. He took a deep breath and headed to Quelatune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office. He was ready for anything, or at least he thought he was.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Babysitting? Are you serious?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune rolled his eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, I understand. I know you were anticipating something just a tad bit more, well, up your alley, but Rebekah insisted on the two of you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany seemed a lot more excited about this than Robert did. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92d love to, Father!\u8221\'94 She then turned to Robert. \u8220\'93Oh Bob, wait \u8216\'91till you see him! He\u8217\'92s the most adorable little thing!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is babysitting a Kwan baby different from babysitting a human baby?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They don\u8217\'92t cry as much,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93They poop more, though.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert thought to himself, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I better be getting paid for this.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have a government spending card with no spending limit. What more do you want?\u8221\'94 Quelatune asked, laughing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s almost as if you read my mind.\u8221\'94}}