{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Things turned out to be a piece of cake for Robert. He literally sat on the couch and watched television while Tiffany was doing all of the work and enjoying it. She fed Skyler, gave him some formula and sang him to sleep. Robert was amazed at how good of a mother she was. He thought to himself momentarily about her possibly being the mother of }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 his}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  child one day but he pushed that thought to the back of his mind. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She sat down next to him after placing Skyler back in his crib. Robert felt kind of bad about not doing hardly anything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry I\u8217\'92m not being much of a help,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She laughed and tapped his knee. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You just relax. I got this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I have to say, Tiff, you\u8217\'92re such a great mother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She looked away as her expression changed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert, wondering what he did wrong said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What? I just said you were a good mother.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany looked as though she wanted to say something but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something on your mind?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. Nothing,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said as she looked down at the floor.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, I know you pretty well. What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She shook her head solemnly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert then knew what was going on. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You miss your son, don\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany nodded quietly. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wonder all the time if I made a mistake coming here, leaving him behind. That\u8217\'92s the main reason why I\u8217\'92ve been so insecure about being of use here. I don\u8217\'92t want me leaving Michael behind on Earth to be for nothing.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert put his arm around Tiffany and took her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiff, you know I would have never been able to get through any of this without you. My recovery alone was all the justification necessary for you to feel needed here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The thoughts of my parents telling me how terrible of a mother I am just keep playing in my mind over and over again.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, trust me, if they even knew half of what you\u8217\'92ve been doing over here, they\u8217\'92d be super proud.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Skyler began to cry. Tiffany looked back at the crib. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m gonna let you handle this, Bob.\u8221\'94}}