{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert went over to Skyler\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s crib and lifted the baby Kwan up. The soft, warm body and kitten-like eyes of the baby melted Robert\u8217\'92s heart. Tears streamed down the baby\u8217\'92s face as Robert held him close. His little bald head rested on his shoulder. Robert took the moment in as his paternal desires flooded him. He thought about his wife Diane\u8217\'92s death as well as their prior efforts to have a child of their own. He remembered when the doctor told them she would likely not be able to have children and how much it hurt him. He remembered how Diane blamed herself and how much it broke his heart that she did. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat down in the couch, rocking Skyler to sleep, thinking about the fatherhood he could have had. It was both a joy yet also a painful experience to hold this beautiful baby in his arms, even if the baby wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t human. He wondered how something so precious could possibly grow up to become so evil. It was then he thought about how much of an effect a child\u8217\'92s environment had on his outcome. The manner in which that child is raised and the values he is taught by his parents determines his destiny. Robert realized that it wasn\u8217\'92t the fault of those Kwan slave masters, soldiers or government officials why they were so evil, but rather, the parents that raised them to hate and subjugate those weaker than themselves. Robert was glad Skyler would be raised right. He was glad that Rebekah, the Kwan who sacrificed her birthright to the throne for the greater good, would be raising this little boy to do what was right. Skyler was gonna be alright.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany leaned her head on Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s shoulder, took his hand and whispered to him, \u8220\'93You would have been such a great dad.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Later that evening, Rebekah came home and thanked Robert and Tiffany for taking care of Skyler. Later, Father Quelatune came by and asked them how it went.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You knew we\u8217\'92d get something out of that, didn\u8217\'92t you?\u8221\'94 Robert asked him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re human just like we are, Robert.\u8221\'94}}