{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Since Tiffany was not allowed to undergo the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  operation, Father Quelatune wanted for her to act as a medical adviser for future }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 projects just in case they decided to do them. Since providing professional medical advice required a license, she would have to become a Rulose Island citizen. Father Quelatune, being the President, was able to make that happen through an executive order. Her citizenship papers would say she was a Kwan Empire refugee in order to explain away her true origins but nonetheless, being a Rulose Island citizen gave Tiffany a sense of belonging she had not felt she had since arriving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Meanwhile, Robert was no longer required to do medical checkups every day but still had to report to the sleep study room every night for another week. Physically, he felt fine and the side effects from the operation had all subsided. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was now time for him to start putting his new powers to the test. Rebekah arranged for him to do just that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was early in the morning when Robert and Tiffany were sent to a training facility in Castlerock, a major city about 200 miles south of Angelina on the coast. They put on their flight suit-like training uniforms given to them by Rulose staff and took an airship so that the trip would only be about 45 minutes. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the airship, Robert looked out the window and saw the skyline of Castlerock as they began to land. Castlerock looked much more like a large city on Earth than Angelina did. It was still quite futuristic, but much more industrial. Large plants with plumes of smoke coming out of the chimneys and hi-tech manufacturing centers lined the coast. Skyscrapers further back reached high into the muggy early morning sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After landing, they headed to the training facility which was an intense, massive concrete building about 20 miles outside of the city. The building had large black windows and large sliding doors that two Mack trucks could literally drive through. Behind the building, they saw a hi-tech air-traffic control tower along with parked battleships that all looked similar to the X1. At the top of the building, there was big plain font that read \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93BLUE DRAGON/BURGUNDY GUARD TRAINING CENTER OF RULOSE ISLAND NO. 3\u8221\'94. They walked inside and made their way down a dimly lit hallway. Along the walls were trophy racks with mannequins wearing what looked to be Class A uniforms. There were photos and gold medals next to them. They heard the clanging of metal in the background along with power tools.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94 Robert asked looking around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Working on ships,\u8221\'94 their guide said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The guide went over to a metal door and placed his hand on a pod next to it. The door slid open.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Follow me,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were met immediately with metal stairs that went down a very narrow and dark hallway. The clanging of metal and power tools became less audible as they went down. The guide reached the bottom of the stairs and opened another door. They entered a massive, hi-tech empty room that looked like a metal and concrete warehouse. The glow of fluorescent lights above at the high ceiling emitted a faint buzzing sound as they cast the whole room in a faint greenish hue.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They then saw Amaga wearing the same training uniform Robert and Tiffany were wearing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There you guys are! Good morning!\u8221\'94 she called out as she walked over to them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good to see you again, Amaga,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How are you feeling, Bob? You sleep well?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes I did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good. I have something to give you. Prepare to be amazed.\u8221\'94 She reached into her backpack and pulled out a jewelry box so big it had to be held with two hands. She opened the jewelry box and immediately, there was a reddish orange glow that surprised Robert. A large gold necklace laid in the velvety box with a jewel the size of a tube of lipstick emitting a bright, fiery glow. Tiffany and Robert were amazed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on. It\u8217\'92s yours. Take it,\u8221\'94 she said smiling.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was in awe as he took the necklace and examined the Crystal. The glowing wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t a solid glow. It was glowing as if abundant energy was radiating through it. He rubbed it. It felt smooth. He handed the necklace to Tiffany. She was in awe as the orange glow of the Crystal illuminated her face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is amazing,\u8221\'94 she whispered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s Robert\u8217\'92s life energy flowing through that Crystal. That\u8217\'92s your key to the Spirit World,\u8221\'94 Amaga said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany handed the necklace with the glowing jewel back to Robert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Throughout this training process, you must keep that necklace on at all times. Only when you are sleeping or showering should you take it off. You cool with that, Robert?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert nodded. He was a little nervous as to what powers he was going to have.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It turns out that your strongest connection to the Spirit World is through the element of Fire.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Interesting,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright. We\u8217\'92re gonna try to channel some energy. We\u8217\'92ll start slow. Keep in mind you\u8217\'92re the first person we ever did this with so we know just as much as you do, which is practically nothing,\u8221\'94 Amaga said.}}