{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Some training dummies were later set up all around the warehouse by staff. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Robert. Like I said, we\u8217\'92re gonna start slow,\u8221\'94 Amaga said. \u8220\'93In order to build a connection to the Spirit World, you have to focus. So close your eyes and focus.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert nodded and closed his eyes. He concentrated hard. The fiery glow of his necklace got brighter and brighter. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Whoooosh! }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was an explosion of light as a bright burning orb appeared in Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. He opened his eyes and saw the powerful, violently burning ball of fire he was holding.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was both terrified and in awe as Robert, pupil-less and eyes glowing bright, had a large, bright burning fireball in his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it, Robert! Aim at one of the targets and launch it!\u8221\'94 Amaga said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert launched the fireball at a target in front of him but as soon as he did, the fireball dissipated and fizzled out into a big cloud of dark gray smoke which made him cough loudly. His eyes were back to normal and the Crystal on his neck was back to its original brightness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s alright, Robert, it\u8217\'92s a start.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert waved the smoke away with his hand as he continued to cough. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t hit anything did I?\u8221\'94 he asked while still coughing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nope. Not even close,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s try it again, Robert,\u8221\'94 Amaga said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert closed his eyes again and focused. His Crystal glowed bright as the explosion of light in his hand started the build-up of another fireball. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s it, Robert,\u8221\'94 Amaga said. \u8220\'93Launch!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert launched the fireball. It flew like a comet toward one of the dummies but it went up in smoke right before hitting its target. He sighed with frustration.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hey! That was better! You almost hit it!\u8221\'94 Tiffany said, trying to encourage him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t know what I\u8217\'92m doing wrong. I\u8217\'92m trying. I really am,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on. Let\u8217\'92s try it again,\u8221\'94 Amaga said, still patient.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They tried several more times and Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s results didn\u8217\'92t improve. He would either successfully launch a fireball but it wouldn\u8217\'92t get far enough, or he would be unable to launch the fireball at all. Two hours went by and not one time did a fireball hit a dummy. Robert was tired and frustrated. Tiffany and Amaga both tried to be positive as they headed back to the airship.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sure this is something that\u8217\'92s going to take a while to master. We want to continue to work with you and build on the progress we made today.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I hope so,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93So I can\u8217\'92t take this off at }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  throughout the next two weeks?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We believe the Crystal will make you stronger,\u8221\'94 Amaga said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll have to see.\u8221\'94}}