{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It would be the first time Robert could finally start sleeping in his own bed again. Unfortunately, he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sleep so he decided to take a walk. He made his way down the busy street and despite wearing the bright, glowing Crystal, people walked by, not even noticing him. He didn\u8217\'92t mind that at all.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Somebody behind him screamed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Somebody help!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert turned around and saw a robber trying to grab at a woman\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s purse. He rushed over to them and pulled the robber off of her. He was bigger than the robber so he was able to shove him to the ground. The woman quickly ran off. Before Robert could even react, the robber pulled out a gun, aimed it at him and pulled the trigger.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert jolted out of bed. His breath was short and his heart was racing. He looked down at the Crystal. He was still wearing it. He must have dozed off with it still on. It was glowing much more brightly than it did before he fell asleep. The nightmare was vivid and there was no way he was going back to sleep after that. He got up out of the bed but his heart rate increased.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Spiritual flames of light floated from his body as the Crystal was blindingly bright. Worried, Robert was wondering what was going on. His hands suddenly each had bright fireballs in them. Robert was terrified. They flew from his hands and hit the walls. Part of the wall in front of him suddenly went up in flames.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh shit!\u8221\'94 Robert screamed. Robert quickly turned around and another fireball shot from his hand, causing another part of the wall to go up in flames. Robert removed the necklace but it didn\u8217\'92t do any good. He threw another fireball on accident and another part of the wall was caught on fire. Smoke filled his room. Thankfully, Robert brought a fire extinguisher with him from Earth. He got it out of his bag and was able to put out the fire. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sat on the bed panting, fire extinguisher still in hand. The only thing that illuminated the room was the Crystal which had dimmed to its normal brightness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sure wished he would have been able to do that in training. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t manage to even start a campfire but now he nearly burned his whole apartment down.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert cut the lights on and there were burn marks all over the walls but thankfully, nothing in the apartment was burned. Luckily the flames didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t reach anything valuable. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He went into the living room and could hear Tiffany snoring in her room. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wake her. After getting himself a drink of water in the kitchen, he went back into his room and went back to sleep, but this time he kept the Crystal on the nightstand.}}