{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert woke up the next morning and was relieved to find his apartment still in one piece. He saw all the burns that were still on the walls of his room. He was hoping he had just dreamt what had happened in the middle of the night when his powers went out of control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He heard the television on in the living room. Tiffany must\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve been up. Oh man is she gonna get a kick out of this! He put on the necklace and headed out of his room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany,\u8221\'94 Robert called out as he came into the living room. She was watching }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The Young and the Restless}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert laughed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Soaps? Really?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s something,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve already seen this episode. They\u8217\'92re like, two months behind on this planet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She turned to him and looked him over, glancing at the necklace. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So how did you like sleeping in your own bed?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiff, let me show you something.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can show you better than I can tell you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany got up and followed him to his room. Her jaw dropped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert! What the hell happened in here?\u8221\'94 she asked, looking around the room at all the burns on the walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I woke up in the middle of the night, the Crystal was glowing really bright and my powers went out of control. Fireballs flew out of my hands and I almost burned the whole place down! Thank God I brought a fire extinguisher!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany had an uneasy look on her face. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think you need to tell Amaga about this, or even Rebekah and Father Quelatune,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gotta understand, Father. We didn\u8217\'92t get }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anything}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  done in training yesterday. Yet, when I wake up in the middle of the night, I nearly burn my entire apartment down!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert, Tiffany, Rebekah and Amaga were meeting with Father Quelatune in his office.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Perhaps your training session tomorrow will go better than yesterday\u8217\'92s since you seem to be getting stronger,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m guessing what might be happening is that when you are in a heightened state of awareness your magic is stronger. It\u8217\'92s pretty clear the longer you keep the Crystal on, the stronger and stronger your magic becomes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You might be right, Father,\u8221\'94 Amaga said. \u8220\'93But there still doesn\u8217\'92t seem to be a way to truly channel Robert\u8217\'92s magic into something useful.\u8221\'94 She turned to Robert. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll figure something out, but in the meantime, make sure you take that Crystal off before you go to bed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You ain\u8217\'92t gotta tell me twice!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think I might be able to weigh in on this,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone turned to her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe you guys can come up with some kind of, um, amplifier or weapon of sorts that he can channel his magic through.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That doesn\u8217\'92t sound like a bad idea, Tiff.\u8221\'94  Rebekah said with a smile. Tiffany smiled back.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Amaga, can you get the Defense department to look into that idea?\u8221\'94 Quelatune asked. \u8220\'93Something like a weapon Robert can use to aid him in channeling his powers?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely. We\u8217\'92ll get on that right away,\u8221\'94 Amaga said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said as he rose from the couch. \u8220\'93Robert, I would like to talk to you in private. The rest of you are dismissed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone said their goodbyes and left. Quelatune sat back down on the couch with Robert. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, I want to tell you something else about your powers.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was curious. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure, what\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you remember when I told you about certain beings from the Spirit World?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now look, this is a long way off, but once you master the use of your magic, you will be able to call upon one of these powerful beings yourself. Since your Element is Fire, I believe you will be able to call upon the aid of the Rulose god of Fire, Timothy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh wow.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Timothy is a powerful dragon composed of heavenly fire. Once you have mastered your powers, you should be able to summon him and he will be at your command.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was excited. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, so I take it learning to use my magic is pretty worth it, huh?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely, Robert. Timothy is more powerful than anything you\u8217\'92ve ever seen on this planet. But in order to call on him you must have the highest level of mastery and control over your powers. Unfortunately right now\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t even light a match when I want to,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m really sorry, Father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You just started, Robert.\u8221\'94 He then rubbed Robert\u8217\'92s shoulder. \u8220\'93Give it time, Son. You\u8217\'92re already getting stronger. You\u8217\'92ll get there, but I\u8217\'92m telling you right now, once you are able to call upon the great Timothy, the Kwans might as well give up because nothing they\u8217\'92ve got is any match.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert made his way back down the elevator after his meeting with Father Quelatune. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t wait to tell Tiffany about what he just learned about his powers. He was far more powerful than he ever realized. He could now see why Quelatune and the Council spent millions of taxpayers\u8217\'92 dollars without their consent and risked political calamity to bring him to Gaia for this operation. If the goal was to make Robert a one-man army in control of a dragon god, he was down with that. More motivated than ever to master his powers, he decided he was going to train everyday and work harder than he ever had before.}}