{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was given a break for the next few days. He was able to catch up with Tiffany whom he had not seen since she became Head Counselor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She told him about the altercation she had with Rebekah in her office. Robert was both shocked and disappointed upon hearing this news because he and Rebekah got along so well at their training session together. He had hoped Tiffany and Rebekah would work out whatever differences they had but those hopes were now dashed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was called to another major meeting. This one was not in the board room like the last one. This was in the War Room over at Mission Control. Several top military personnel were present as Robert walked in. There were large screens with maps and diagrams and people working at large, high-tech computer stations. As soon as he walked in, everyone working at these stations started leaving.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Rebekah joined the many other top military brass at the large high-tech meeting table. At the head of the table was Father Quelatune, Tiffany, Marxis and Amaga. Rebekah sat next to Robert. Tiffany was sitting at the seat Rebekah would normally be sitting at. Robert was nervous because he had no clue what this meeting was about. He was also nervous because he did not know how Tiffany and Rebekah were going to co-exist in the same room.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93May I have your attention, everyone?\u8221\'94 Quelatune asked. Everyone got quiet and turned their attention to him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I want to say first of all that this meeting is absolutely top secret. Everything we talk about is completely classified information. Is that understood?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone confirmed that they understood.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune waved his hand, holding a remote. A large glowing hologram of Gaia appeared at the center of the table. He then touched a part of the hologram and it zoomed in to a spherical map of Amelrak. He touched the map again and it zoomed in on a factory. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Our intelligence has been working \u8216\'91round the clock investigating what has been going on at this factory and several others like it that have suddenly sprang up in the outskirts of Amelrak, the Kwan Empire\u8217\'92s capital city.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He tapped a button on the remote with his thumb. The many large screens around the War Room lit up to show the inside of a large, hi-tech factory where robots and Kwan technicians were working on a massive, complicated looking machine. It was unclear as to what this machine was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were able to hijack some surveillance from one of these factories. As you can see, Kwan technicians have been working feverishly on this, uh, whatever it is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have reason to believe it is some kind of weapon, Father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was then chatter amongst the people at the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Marxis then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We also need to remember that the Kwans are aware of what was supposed to be a top secret project known as the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . They became aware as soon as we began investigating these factories.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re absolutely right, Marxis,\u8221\'94 Amaga said. She then looked everyone over. \u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t see that as a coincidence. We believe these factories need to be taken out by force.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Shock and alarm overtook to the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah raised her hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hang on! Why wasn\u8217\'92t I in the loop on this!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Because you\u8217\'92re not the Head Counselor anymore, get over it,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. Robert was hoping this wouldn\u8217\'92t happen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not now, you two,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said. He turned back to Amaga. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the strategy?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Air strike,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll send our best: the Blue Dragons. There are six factories in all and they\u8217\'92re all working in concert on this machine we are convinced is a weapon. It seems like each factory is working on different parts of the machine. Our analysts are telling us that it might be some type of cannon but we can\u8217\'92t be sure. My brother Smoke and his team were able to hack into the Kwans\u8217\'92 workforce management schedules and we found that their employees have been working overtime.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga looked at Robert. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, you\u8217\'92re our man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone turned to face him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What she means is that you are going to embark upon your first mission,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re the best pilot we\u8217\'92ve got here alongside Amaga. Don\u8217\'92t worry, she\u8217\'92s going to be joining you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga gasped and turned to Quelatune. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I am!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t part of the plan, Father!\u8221\'94 Amaga whispered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is now.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you, scared?\u8221\'94 Rebekah asked, sneering.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go to hell,\u8221\'94 Amaga responded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not helping your cause, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Marxis added.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah rolled her eyes. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever.\u8221\'94  She turned to Quelatune. \u8220\'93Is my opinion welcome, Father?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 Quelatune answered, annoyed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah stood up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I just want to say that whatever genius came up with this mission\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was me, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Great! Alright then, Father Quelatune, since you\u8217\'92re the genius that came up with this mission, I just want to say that I think it is an absolutely }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 terrible}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  idea.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I wanna hear this,\u8221\'94 Amaga said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sit the fuck down,\u8221\'94 Rebekah shrieked. Amaga swallowed hard, holding back anger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As I was saying, Father,\u8221\'94 she continued. \u8220\'93You sending in a rag-tag unit of government officials flying into the outskirts of the Kwan capital city to a group of unknown factories is totally dangerous. You guys will get wiped out. Do you really think they\u8217\'92re not gonna see you guys coming? Keep in mind, Queen Riptide has never lost a major battle }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 ever}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . They\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92ve probably got their entire homeland security flying around that place day and night. It\u8217\'92ll be a dogfight. Do you really want a dogfight over this? We don\u8217\'92t even know if what they\u8217\'92re building is dangerous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And just how would you know that, Rebekah?\u8221\'94 Marxis asked with suspicion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, she\u8217\'92s not a mole at }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Tiffany added sarcastically.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not retarded, bitch! That\u8217\'92s how I know,\u8221\'94 Rebekah snapped.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Go on, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Father,\u8221\'94 she responded. \u8220\'93My proposal is that we try to first find out exactly }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 what}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  it is they\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re building before trying to blow it up. It might be nothing. It might be a giant microwave for all we know\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be ridiculous,\u8221\'94 Amaga butted in. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re quite sure it\u8217\'92s a weapon. And might I add, I am your boss now. Secondly, and more importantly, you\u8217\'92re }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 military}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  now, so the chain of command ain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like it is in your fancy little offices. That is to say that I have the constitutional right not only to fire you but to bitch slap the taste out of your mouth for insubordination, and not even the President of Rulose Island could punish me for it. So know your place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s right, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said. \u8220\'93But we appreciate your input.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He then got up from his seat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Today\u8217\'92s meeting is adjourned. We\u8217\'92ll meet up tomorrow. Robert, we\u8217\'92re going to show you around the X2 that you\u8217\'92ll be piloting for this mission by then. You will depart in exactly three days.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that, everyone began to leave. Tiffany met up with Robert in the hallway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How are you feeling about all of this?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was confident in his new abilities. He knew he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d be fine. \u8220\'93Not bad, Tiff. But don\u8217\'92t let Rebekah talk to you the way she has. Remember, she has to answer to you now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, don\u8217\'92t worry about me, Robert. I honestly feel like a completely different woman from what I felt like when I arrived here. I haven\u8217\'92t even thought about leaving.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know we\u8217\'92re gonna have to eventually though, Tiff. You have a son at home.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany paused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look, that\u8217\'92s a bridge we can cross when we come to it. I have no problem raising my son }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 here}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Please tell me you\u8217\'92re kidding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What if I\u8217\'92m not?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany walked off, leaving Robert slack-jawed.}}