{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the next couple of days, Robert suffered a string of flashbacks which he had rarely suffered from since his arrival. Tiffany was there to help him but he felt bad because she was busy doing her job as Head Counselor yet also having to tend to him. Amaga got worried and started having second thoughts about him embarking on this mission but Tiffany convinced her he would be fine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga brought him to her office the night before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tell me how you feel, Bob. It\u8217\'92s perfectly human to be nervous before a mission. It\u8217\'92s only ten hours from now we\u8217\'92re going to be flying out to the heart of the Kwan Empire. Are you absolutely sure you\u8217\'92re up for this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t have come here to this planet if I wasn\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Robert responded. \u8220\'93With all due respect, I have more experience at this than you do.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga nodded and smiled.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next morning they headed out to Castlerock and from there, made the journey to Amelrak. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert sat in the X2 at the co-pilot seat alongside Smoke. At the moment, the ship was on autopilot and they were flying over the ocean. It would be hours before they made it to Amelrak. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The fleet of Blue Dragons and rebels, the A1, X1 and X2 were all taking different routes. That way, in the event that the Kwans tried to take them out before reaching the city, they would have to split up their forces to do so.}}