{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An hour and a half later, several miles from the Amelrak coast, the alarms suddenly sounded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Uh oh! Company!\u8221\'94 Smoke shouted into a microphone as his voice rang out through loudspeakers. \u8220\'93Everybody, let\u8217\'92s get a move on!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The crew rushed to their stations. Robert was focused but nothing was coming up on the radar.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t see anything!\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wait,\u8221\'94 Smoke responded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The ship then rocked. They were hit. Smoke almost lost control.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell!?\u8221\'94 Smoke cried out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been hit!\u8221\'94 Members of the crew were saying.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On the radar, a litany of red dots representing enemy war machines surrounded them. There were at least twenty. Robert panicked. This was way more than what he had to deal with in the Desert of Illusion.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did they know we were gonna be here!?\u8221\'94 Smoke asked. \u8220\'93They basically sent their entire Air Force!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They would later find out it wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t just their ship that had been ambushed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re under attack!\u8221\'94 Amaga screamed out from her ship more than 50 miles away over the radio. \u8220\'93They\u8217\'92ve got motherships! Eleven of them! War machines! Nearly a hundred!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What!!?\u8221\'94 Smoke screamed. \u8220\'93One hundred!? Amaga! Abort! Abort!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No answer.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Amaga!!!\u8221\'94 Still nothing. Smoke quickly turned his attention back to he and Robert\u8217\'92s current predicament as the enemy war machines surrounded them. \u8220\'93Cut the Shield on, Bob!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert did as he was told and cut the Shield on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Time to give these new magic weapons a test!\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The large magic-powered cannon aimed at several war machines, locking onto them. He hit the button at the top of his joystick and a firestorm of heat energy blasted from the cannon. It instantly took down two war machines at once.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They heard blasting all around the ship but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t feel anything as the Shield was on. The Shield was taking a beating.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re being hit left and right, Bob!\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93The Shield is gonna deplete if this keeps up!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert turned the cannon behind him and fired another blast of Hell. Two more war machines went down in flames.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A massive war machine showed up head on in front of them. This one was much bigger than any war machine Robert has ever seen.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A Captain\u8217\'92s ship! Look out Robert! They have Shield-penetrating weapons!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t like the sound of that. Smoke banked up. Robert turned the cannon around, concentrated really hard to get a good shot and cried out, putting all of his magic energy into the blast as he hit the firing button. The X2 jolted hard as the blast fired from the cannon, lighting up the evening sky. The Captain\u8217\'92s ship skillfully dodged all of it, barely, but four war machines went down in flames all at once. Robert was starting to feel tired. He was overusing his magic.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m feeling weak,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93That last blast took everything out of me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was starting to feel queasy and dizzy as the fatigue ate at his body. His lips and hands felt numb.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, use your regular weapons for a while!\u8221\'94 Smoke said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two crew members rushed over to him and fed him protein bars, frantically jamming them into his mouth so fast he could barely chew and swallow them.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They then frantically jammed a bottle of thick, creamy, disgusting but ice-cold bender milk down his throat, again, so fast he could barely swallow it, making a mess of milk all over his mouth and shirt. That being said, he quickly began to regain his bearings due to the nourishment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another war machine came up from the side, firing at them. Robert couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get a clear shot but their ship was being pounded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was then a loud buzzing sound. Robert knew what that meant because Amaga told him what it meant a few days ago. The Shield had depleted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There goes the Shield!\u8221\'94 a crew member said. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The war machine took advantage and shot a laser that smacked the X2 so hard one of the engines blew out and the ship itself back-flipped in the air. Every standing crew member on board was instantly thrown from their feet and hit the ground, or was thrown into walls. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We lost an engine! Going to auxiliary power!\u8221\'94 one of the crew members shouted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was a big hit!\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s more war machines on our tail! They\u8217\'92ve got reinforcements!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How many!?\u8221\'94 Smoke asked. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert looked at the radar but the radar was completely dead. Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened with disbelief. \u8220\'93What!? The radar, it\u8217\'92s\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Booom! Booom! Booom!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The ship shook as they were hit by a firestorm of missiles. It felt like an earthquake inside the X2 as crew members could barely stand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damage level at fifty percent, sir! We\u8217\'92re almost in the danger zone!\u8221\'94 a crew member called out. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re taking massive damage!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The radar was still dead. Perhaps the big hit they took knocked their communications out?}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The radar is not working! What the hell happened to the radar? Is it damaged!?\u8221\'94 Smoke asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, it\u8217\'92s not!\u8221\'94 a crew member answered. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re currently trying to diagnose what happened to the communications too but nothing seems wrong with either!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marxis! This is Robert from the X2! Can you hear us!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Marxis!!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Still nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93\u8230\'85the hell is going on!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No damage to the radar or communications, sir!\u8221\'94 another crew member called out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are they jamming it then!?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Impossible!\u8221\'94 Smoke answered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Boooom! Booom! Booom!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  They were getting hit again. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert fired two missiles at two oncoming war machines in front of them. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Boooom!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  They both exploded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93More are coming!\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s like a freaking hydra! You kill one head and two more grow back!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The radar was still dead and they had no communication with Mission Control so they had no idea how many more were out there. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The radar!\u8221\'94 Smoke cried out in panic. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s happened to the radar!? Somebody! Somebody, try to figure this out!!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Booom! Booom! Booom!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  They continued to take shots.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damage at 80 percent! Danger zone! Abort! Abort!\u8221\'94 a crew member cried out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Fuck!!\u8221\'94 Smoke cursed as he cut on the afterburners.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They jettisoned straight up into the sky.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Boom! Boom!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  The ship rocked as they took more punishment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re chasing us!\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damage at 86 percent!\u8221\'94 a crewman cried out. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t long before they were too high in altitude for the war machines to catch them. They were done for but at least there was peace and quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Amaga!\u8221\'94 Smoke cried out to his sister but the communications were dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Amaga!!\u8221\'94 he screamed, beating on the dash. No answer on the other end. Robert could tell he was worried sick about her. The last time they heard from her, her ship and crew were surrounded by even worse than what he and Smoke were surrounded with.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell is going on!?\u8221\'94 Smoke asked. \u8220\'93Are you guys sure something wasn\u8217\'92t damaged!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Everything looks normal, Smoke. We swear,\u8221\'94 a crewman answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t believe him. He unlatched himself and got up from his seat, setting the X2 into autopilot. Robert got up and followed him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert followed Smoke out of the cockpit and down the hallway. Crew members at their stations looked with concern as he and Robert walked by them. They went into a small dark room where a woman was working at an advanced computer station. There were monitors and devices all along the walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hop up, real quick,\u8221\'94 Smoke said as he barged in. The woman nervously got up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke sat down, logged in and started hacking away. Lines of computer code flew across the screen as he typed feverishly. Several minutes passed as he accessed files and went through some kind of instruction manual. He went back to feverishly typing while looking at the manual. Robert and the woman watched, having no idea what Smoke was doing. More minutes passed and then\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Christ\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 Smoke said with disbelief.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and the woman glanced at each other, worried. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What is it, Smoke? Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke pointed at the screen at an error message that read \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93ACCESS DENIED. THE DATABASE MAY BE CORRUPT\u8221\'94.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell?\u8221\'94 the woman whispered, awestruck.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve been hijacked. Again,\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93Just like you guys were in the box, Robert. I was trying to get to the communications program to look at it but it was corrupted. So I went to the backup database which can only be downloaded from a secret location which is from a satellite orbiting another planet, but that backup database has been corrupted. That\u8217\'92s the error message your looking at now. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That means somebody knew where it was. Only myself, Father Quelatune, Marxis, Amaga and Rebekah know where the Air Force backup database is, what planet and what satellite it\u8217\'92s on. I suppose Tiffany might know now but that\u8217\'92s neither here nor there.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe there\u8217\'92s always been something wrong with the backup database,\u8221\'94 the woman said. \u8220\'93You guys have never had to access it before. Maybe that database has been corrupt for a long time and you guys are just now finding out.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. We checked the backup database last night to make sure it was working and it was,\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93Somebody messed with it as of this morning,\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But wait,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93I thought Amaga said the X1 had anti hijacking equipped. So surely the X2 must have it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It does,\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93But the security system\u8217\'92s program was tampered with and corrupted along with the communications program. So again, I went to the backup database to get a backup for the X2 but like I said, the database is corrupted.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So you\u8217\'92re saying that somebody at the Temple deliberately hacked into this plane so Lemor-Ixa could hijack it?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s exactly what I\u8217\'92m saying,\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93Luckily, due to technological limitations, the ship\u8217\'92s controls are completely independent from the ship\u8217\'92s communications unlike the box you guys were in on your way here to this planet. So thank God they couldn\u8217\'92t hijack our controls and throw insults at us through the radio like they could to you guys in the box. But they }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 can}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  shut off our communications and radar, which they did.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert sat down on a small couch, leaned back and sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did the Kwans even }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 know}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  about this mission?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke sat down next to him and said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have a mole.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shit\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}}