{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The last word Amaga heard from her brother was \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Abort!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She had much more military training than he did, but she knew that was what she had to do. As powerful as the A1 was, it was not going to be any match for one-hundred war machines along with eleven motherships. Motherships are the Kwans\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 answer to Rulose battle ships like the X1, X2 and A1. Amaga cut on the afterburners to escape, but they suddenly quit working. Her crew frantically tried to find out why but everything seemed to be functioning properly according to their diagnostics. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s almost like this ship has been tampered with, ma\u8217\'92am!\u8221\'94 a crewman said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The pounding their ship was taking began to put their lives in serious jeopardy.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'9389% damage! We\u8217\'92re about to crash!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m emergency landing this thing!\u8221\'94 Amaga said. \u8220\'93Hopefully there\u8217\'92s no hostiles on the ground where we\u8217\'92ll end up, but no promises!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga put in the emergency landing codes. The ship didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gotta be kidding me!\u8221\'94 Leoma screamed from the co-pilot seat, anger and fear flashing across her youthful face. \u8220\'93The landing program doesn\u8217\'92t work either! What\u8217\'92s wrong with this ship!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know exactly what\u8217\'92s wrong,\u8221\'94 Amaga said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A crewman called out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Diagnostic on landing program complete! Corrupt file!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Leoma, I\u8217\'92m gonna have to land this manually!\u8221\'94 Amaga said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Leoma asked, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But how!? We\u8217\'92re taking several shots! We\u8217\'92ll crash before we land!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Look!!\u8221\'94 Amaga screamed, pointing at the altitude dropping rapidly. They were now  literally on a crash course. Leoma stared in horror.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Damage at 93%! All engines lost! Aux power not enough to hold! We\u8217\'92re on a crash course! We\u8217\'92ve been shot down! Shot down! Evacuate! Evacuate! Evacuate!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga and Leoma unlatched frantically as crew members throughout the large A1 battleship rushed to their emergency evacuation pods, quickly taking parachutes. Amaga and Leoma joined them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One by one, each crew member was shot out in different directions from emergency pods into the open sky as their parachutes popped open. The captain\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s pod, which was Amaga\u8217\'92s pod was special in that it had a communications device inside. In this particular case, however, it was also special in that it was completely nonfunctional. Amaga\u8217\'92s heart pounded in utter terror. Her eyes darted to and fro to find if there was any loose wiring or something wrong. She found no such thing. She had to think of something because she was stuck inside of a ship on a high-impact crash course.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We can\u8217\'92t stay up here forever,\u8221\'94 Smoke said, getting up from the couch in the X2. They were still coasting in safe altitude. \u8220\'93The others may be in trouble. Our communications and every one of the backup communications are completely dead. We\u8217\'92re gonna have to land. That way we can use our intercoms.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Smoke headed back down the hallway and back to the cockpit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Brace yourself and get ready to cast your best spells, Bob. We\u8217\'92re gonna be landing in enemy territory.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They made it back to the cockpit as Smoke and Robert took their seats and latched up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Emergency landing sequence initiating!\u8221\'94 Smoke called out into the microphone to the crew.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke put in the landing codes and the emergency landing process started. Luckily, they weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t attacked by any more war machines.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Eventually, the ship landed hard right in the middle of a transport path used to ship goods from one factory to another. Kwan militants probably were on their way to the ship at that very moment.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t long before an explosion rocked the back door of the X2. Kwan militants burst inside brandishing heavy rifles. Every crew member scattered frantically like a nest of roaches when the lights come on. The Kwan militants opened fire. Robert went straight into fight mode. He ran into the  panic room and saw Smoke there along with several crew people flooding inside.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Y\u8217\'92all bring everybody in here. I\u8217\'92m gonna need some room,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The remaining crew members made their way inside the spacious panic room. Robert shut the metal door and padlocked it. It was just him and the Kwans, exactly how he wanted it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Kwan militants were no match for him. He tossed a magic grenade at an oncoming onslaught. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 POW! }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A wave of fire and magic burned several to a crisp. Kwan militants from two different directions opened automatic fire but Robert waved his hand around him and a shield of glowing heat surrounded him. Each bullet burned to a crisp before reaching him. Robert struck his fist to the ground and the shield quickly expanded into a wave of fire energy that set every Kwan that was firing at him ablaze.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 More Kwans ran in and opened machine gun fire. Robert dived behind some boxes and accessed his rifle. As soon as the Kwans ran over to him he peaked over, aimed and fired a torrent of hellfire. Several Kwans dived out of the way but two of them were shot and they ended up going up in flames. Dark smoke clouded the hallway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One Kwan grabbed him from behind. He was strong, a little stronger and younger than Robert. Robert saw a glint of shiny metal in the Kwan\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand. He knew it was a knife. Just as the Kwan was about to stab him. Robert kicked the Kwan\u8217\'92s knee out and backhanded him, forcing him to let go. The Kwan advanced on him again but Robert tackled him to the ground and mounted him. Robert placed both of his hands flat on the Kwan\u8217\'92s chest. The Kwan smoked up, convulsing violently and burst into flames. Dead.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Several Kwans surrounded him and opened fire but Robert waved his hand and the shield of heat protected him again. Robert fired. This time it was a massive fireball that he could control. He guided the fireball to strike one Kwan who was firing at him from behind the wall of a hallway, another Kwan who was in front of him, and rest of the Kwans over by the door in the cockpit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The last Kwan left tossed a grenade but Robert caught it and threw it back but when Robert threw it, it flew like a flaming comet, landing on the ground and exploding with devastating fire and magic. Those Kwans were history.}}