{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Another meeting in the War Room between mostly the same people took place that evening.  Rebekah, however, was replaced with Smoke. They would be going over the actual plan of attack that would be taking place in two days. Amaga stood in front of a large projector screen with a map of the area in which they would be launching their attack.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A captain from the Blue Dragons named Leoma will be flying with me in the A1, one of our newest state-of-the-art battle aircrafts,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93It will be seeing only its second combat mission so it\u8217\'92s practically brand new.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She then pointed to a factory on the northern part of the map. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is where Leoma and I are going to attack. We go in and take it out. The casualties, we\u8217\'92ll think about later\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hold it,\u8221\'94 Robert interrupted. \u8220\'93There may be slaves in there; women, children. Tell me we\u8217\'92re going to make sure they\u8217\'92re gone before we do this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Slaves aren\u8217\'92t working in the factories, Robert,\u8221\'94 Marxis said. \u8220\'93They work outdoors, transporting goods and materials. That, or doing menial jobs the Kwans simply don\u8217\'92t want to do. They would never trust slaves to do the kind of work that\u8217\'92s being done in these factories. Our intelligence knows of every slave camp in the Kwan Empire and this isn\u8217\'92t one of them. That is not to say they haven\u8217\'92t ramped up on slave labor because they have, but this mission isn\u8217\'92t going to be anywhere near a slave camp.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93Sorry for interrupting, Amaga.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s alright and thanks for explaining that, Marxis,\u8221\'94 Amaga said. She continued. \u8220\'93We believe this factory is their main place of operation for whatever they\u8217\'92re building so we take it out first.\u8221\'94 She glanced at Robert. \u8220\'93Robert, you and Smoke are going to be in the X2. Now, Smoke isn\u8217\'92t quite as good a pilot as Cypher was, but we\u8217\'92re dealing mainly with ground resistance so you\u8217\'92re not going to need somebody who can dance around in the air and dodge flying missiles from war machines. We would have given you one of our highly trained pilots but we need them all in the war machines. Anyway, you guys are going to provide us some backup. More than likely, we won\u8217\'92t really need it, but we can\u8217\'92t be too safe. Got it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Smoke glanced at each other and nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good.\u8221\'94 Amaga then looked over at Father Quelatune.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father, I have a surprise for you,\u8221\'94 she said with a smile. Father Quelatune sat up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on in, Cypher!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The doors to the War Room slid open and in came Cypher. Everyone was surprised and happy to see him. Robert and Tiffany were happy to see him as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Long time no see, brother,\u8221\'94 Cypher said as he shook Robert\u8217\'92s hand. He went around and gave hugs and handshakes to everyone including Amaga before making his way over to a seat next to Robert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93As you can see, Cypher has joined us. In case some of you may not be aware, he is one of the slave rebels fighting the Kwans alongside us. He also piloted the X1 with Robert to fight the Kwans off in the Desert of Illusion on his way here. So we\u8217\'92re glad to have him and the rebels joining us in this mission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga went back over to the map and pointed at another factory in the East.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This factory probably isn\u8217\'92t going to have as much security. Cypher will be piloting the X1 along with a fellow rebel named Armond, a disciple of his. That right, Cypher?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You got it,\u8221\'94 Cypher said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Now, here\u8217\'92s the important thing. They\u8217\'92re gonna go in, not necessarily to take this factory out, but rather, to divert attention away from us attacking the main one in the north. If they\u8217\'92re able to take the factory down, that\u8217\'92s a bonus, but it\u8217\'92s not required.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga continued with more details of the mission for another twenty minutes, mainly to go over with the generals the plan of attack for the Blue Dragons and rebel fighter pilots who would all be flying war machines to launch attacks on other various targets around the factories and provide support to the three battle ships that would be bombing the factories.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After that, the meeting was adjourned and everyone was dismissed. In two days, they would be heading out to Amelrak early in the morning to launch their attack. The belief was that this was going to be a relatively easy mission.}}