{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All clear!\u8221\'94 Robert shouted, exhausted as he dropped to his hands and knees. He looked around. Dark smoke surrounded him as the red embers of the Kwans\u8217\'92 charred bodies glowed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He went back over to the panic room and opened the door to the awaiting crew. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All clear,\u8221\'94 he said again, but something wasn\u8217\'92t right. The crew had their heads down solemnly. Smoke was shaking and completely grief-stricken.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Smoke, what\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93M, my sister,\u8221\'94 Smoke said, voice breaking, tears welling up in his eyes. Robert knew what he was about to hear but was hoping he wouldn\u8217\'92t. At that point, he felt a wave of despair in the pit of his stomach.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93My sister, she was killed in action. Marxis just called.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The entire crew remained silent. Robert was mortified. Amaga was so young, such a competent pilot and a gifted designer. Most importantly, she was a sweet, loyal and peace-loving individual. The old feeling of losing a friend in battle suddenly came back to haunt him. He had not felt it since his deployment in Somalia back on Earth when his best friend Randy was killed. The feeling was all too familiar. He knew what Smoke was going through. He saw Tiffany go through it when her husband, and one of his best friends died.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke broke down and cried loudly to the point of nearly screaming. Several crew members grabbed hold of him to try and console him, many of them crying their eyes out as well. Some of them wept even more loudly than he did, especially the women. Amaga had a very close bond with the women in the military. She was the first female Secretary of Defense and was a symbol of empowerment for them. They looked up to her. She was like their big sister. Now she was gone, ripped away from them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert watched them all, holding onto each other, consoling each other tightly as they cried and wept in that panic room. He felt helpless. He knew there was nothing he could do or say that would make them feel better. He knew there was nothing he could do but be there for them. Smoke, surrounded by those crew members hanging onto him, continued to cry, uttering indistinguishable words through loud sobs, holding onto some kind of small black teddy bear, which made him cry even more each time he looked it. It must have been some kind of memento that meant a lot to him. Robert knew they needed to continue to abort but he let them have their moment.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and his crew were successfully able to abort the mission and land safely back in Castlerock. Once they landed, they found out some more horrible news.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The X1 that was piloted by Cypher and his student, Armond, was shot down. It was shot down by a mothership laser but for some reason, their Shield didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t work. The X1 exploded in the air, killing everyone on board. Not only was Amaga now dead, but so was Cypher, Armond and the entire crew of rebels on board the X1.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Blue Dragons\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 air strike was arguably the most tragic failure of them all. They were severely outnumbered. Eleven of the nineteen Rulose war machines were shot down by anti-aircraft guns on the ground. Prior to this incident, the largest number of Blue Dragon planes ever shot down in one mission was four. Everyone whose war machines were shot down were tragically killed. Days before their mission, Rulose intelligence found absolutely no anti-aircraft guns anywhere close to the area. That meant the Kwans knew about the mission almost immediately after the first meeting in the War Room and over the next few days, planned accordingly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was irrefutable evidence there was a mole in the Rulose Temple.}}