{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert woke up in a hospital bed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not again,\u8221\'94 he groaned. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He looked around. It was quiet. He remembered everything clearly. He was out in the training field and fainted after suffering one of the worst PTSD flashbacks ever. He hasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t fainted from a flashback in a long time. He then worried that once Father Quelatune got wind of this he would not allow him to serve on the battlefield again. He tried to think positively but he knew that this was a real possibility. He did his best to think up excuses for his flashback: stressful day, magic overuse, fatigue, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 something}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that, the door opened and in came a nice man in a doctor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s coat. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Ah, I see that you\u8217\'92re awake,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where am I?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You fainted out there in the training field. Tiffany had you sent down here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Where\u8217\'92s \u8216\'91here\u8217\'92?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Castlerock. Specifically, the Rulose Air Force medical facility. At least one of them anyway.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I see. Where\u8217\'92s Tiffany?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93She actually just left. But you\u8217\'92ll be outta here tomorrow. We just did a full checkup on you and you\u8217\'92re fine. Are you sure you don\u8217\'92t want us to prescribe something for you to deal with the flashbacks?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No, that\u8217\'92s OK. I need to keep a clear mind and pills to deal with that is comparable to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not what we can prescribe you.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m fine, thanks.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 In the airship on the way back to Angelina, Tiffany had some news.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So Robert, I\u8217\'92ve been thinking about something but I\u8217\'92m not sure if I want to break the news yet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it big?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She smiled. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It might be.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You getting promoted again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe,\u8221\'94 she said, smiling. \u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s just say that I was offered a pretty great opportunity.\u8221\'94}}