{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Finally one night, Tiffany knocked on Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s door to pay him a visit. He opened the door and was surprised to find Father Quelatune there with her. They arrived to finally break the news to Robert on what they had been planning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, we have finally decided to allow Tiffany to undergo the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  operation,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was smiling and clearly excited. Robert knew this was something she wanted for a long time and was happy for her. He was concerned, however, because if they were wanting her to undergo the operation that would mean she would be serving in combat.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you really want to undergo this, I\u8217\'92ll be supportive. You know I will be,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93But if they\u8217\'92re having you do this, it will mean you will ultimately be serving in a combat role. You\u8217\'92ve never served in a combat role before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m aware of that, Robert. But honestly, I wasn\u8217\'92t meant for a desk job. Don\u8217\'92t get me wrong, being Head Counselor certainly isn\u8217\'92t a boring job. It\u8217\'92s a }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 lot}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  of work. But I want to be where the action is.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Amaga was scheduled to undergo the operation after the mission in Amelrak,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Tiffany\u8217\'92s never had any combat training,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s nobody else willing to go through with it?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No there isn\u8217\'92t,\u8221\'94 Tiffany answered for Quelatune. \u8220\'93Can\u8217\'92t you just be supportive?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert sighed. He didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t think this made any sense but he nodded. He didn\u8217\'92t really have any other choice. They were merely informing him of what she was going to do. They weren\u8217\'92t asking for his permission.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just gonna say this, Tiff. Your son already lost his father in combat.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get it, Robert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was a little dismayed that she called him Robert, which she never did.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what, Tiff? I\u8217\'92m sorry. I apologize. I should support you,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany smiled and hugged him. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Bob. This really means a lot to me.\u8221\'94}}