{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Feels like the place is spinning,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said when she arrived home. Robert was there with her and laughed, partly because he\u8217\'92s experienced all of this himself and knew she would be fine.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t worry, Tiff. Everything you went through, I went through,\u8221\'94 he reassured. \u8220\'93Trust me, it\u8217\'92s worth it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Despite Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s reassurance, Tiffany did not like being so dependent on him. Robert decided he\u8217\'92d move into Tiffany\u8217\'92s place for a while to take care of her. Because she was so dizzy and weak all the time, he cooked for her and also did chores for her as well. Because she was Head Counselor, her staff took on more of the work for her in the office and even Father Quelatune took on some of her work as well. Everyone chipped in and helped and it drove Tiffany crazy. She hated being a burden on people and couldn\u8217\'92t stand the thought of people having to go out of their way to accommodate for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One night, she broke down. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it gets better and it\u8217\'92s only been four days, but seeing everyone work longer hours because of this really upsets me,\u8221\'94 she lamented.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiff, you did the same thing for me when I was going through my recovery. We want to help you. We\u8217\'92re happy to do it,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}}