{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After three weeks, Tiffany felt weaker, not stronger. This was particularly concerning because she was supposed to be making progress. Robert also noticed that she was losing weight and didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have an appetite. Robert also noticed that she wasn\u8217\'92t vomiting the way he did. Perhaps it might have been because she hardly ever ate. The doctors insisted that she eat more. Robert realized that he needed to help Tiffany by putting his foot down. She did not seem to be as responsible in taking care of herself as he was in taking care of himself and it was slowing down her recovery.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You need to eat something, Tiff. You\u8217\'92re not going to get any stronger if you don\u8217\'92t. I want you eating four meals a day, you understand?\u8221\'94 he insisted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Okay, Dad,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said as she drug herself out of bed. Her voice had become more faint and weaker too.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert cooked for her her favorite stew and she forced it down but only ate about half of it. It was a start at least.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the next week, Robert did the best he could to get her to eat but she just simply wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t doing it. He wondered what might have been going on. The medical checkups they were having her undergo were extensive. They upped the dosage of her medication by 150%, thinking that would speed up her recovery.}}