{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert thought some fresh air would get Tiffany to become more serious about her recovery as she was still just as weak as she was five weeks ago. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They went to their favorite souvenir shop but Tiffany forgot the person\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s name who worked there, despite the two of them being friends. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s Myra, Tiff,\u8221\'94 the woman said, feeling insulted.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany and Robert headed in a shuttle home. She had not eaten anything all day other than a small bit of the stew Robert cooked for her. Once they got home, Tiffany sat on the couch, leaned back and sighed. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany picked up the remote and shook her head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you show me how to work this thing again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was taken aback. Tiffany watched television all the time and they figured out a long time ago how to work the TV\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s on this planet. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She started mashing the \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93REQUEST\u8221\'94 button repeatedly. \u8220\'93What exactly am I supposed to do with this, again? I can\u8217\'92t remember.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach started turning backflips. He was hoping what he was seeing wasn\u8217\'92t what he feared it was. He sighed and went over to her, showing her how to work the remote.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You hold it down and then call out your request,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh yeah. Thanks,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You want something to eat?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not hungry,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This was gonna be a long night.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next morning, Robert walked into the living room and saw that Tiffany was not there. He checked her bedroom and saw that she was gone. She must have still been asleep at the sleep study.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The television popped on and it was Rebekah.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah?\u8221\'94 Robert asked. \u8220\'93Can I help you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany is still asleep. She is here at the medical facility but we need you to come by.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is everything OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Worried sick, Robert made his way up the elevator to the medical facility.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is Tiffany losing her memory?\u8221\'94 Rebekah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert answered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes she is. I noticed it yesterday. It was pretty sudden.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 One of the physicians walked into Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office to join them. He had a Manila envelope in his hand and laid it on the desk in front of Robert. Robert opened the Manila envelop and saw MRI scans.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The doctor said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We noticed that there is somewhat of a swelling in Tiffany\u8217\'92s brain. She\u8217\'92s still asleep because she went to bed late. She went to bed late because she was complaining about severe neck stiffness.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was beginning to become worried. This was no longer anything like his recovery. His MRI\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s always looked normal and he never suffered from memory loss.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Be honest with me, doctor,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93Is Tiffany gonna be OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t know for sure what\u8217\'92s going on, Robert,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re doing the exact same thing with her that we did with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t seem like she\u8217\'92s responding to the medications the way you did. That\u8217\'92s the problem,\u8221\'94 the doctor said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ve upped the dosage to double what it was you were taking.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe that\u8217\'92s the problem,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93Maybe you guys are overdosing her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not it,\u8221\'94 the doctor said. \u8220\'93Her nervous system wouldn\u8217\'92t be reacting that way if we were overdosing her.\u8221\'94}}