{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Over the next couple of days, Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s vision started to become impaired. She complained of blurry vision. It was at that moment, that Tiffany began to worry herself. Her memory was even worse too. It was one night in the sleep study room before bedtime where she asked in a weak voice, \u8220\'93Am I gonna die, Bob?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert held her close as the medical assistant hooked her up to several monitoring devices. He had no idea how to answer the question but to lie to her and tell her he was sure she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d make it through. He couldn\u8217\'92t be more uncertain though. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was no stronger than she was since her operation despite the fact that they had upped her dosage of medication to three times what Robert took. She had lost a severe amount of weight. Her memory was getting worse. She still had no appetite and to top it all off, she was getting on average, an hour of sleep per night. She would fall into sleep-like stupors but they would not be restful REM sleep, making strange noises during her sleep. Something was seriously wrong and Robert felt helpless as he watched her physically deteriorate. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She was no longer reporting back home but was under constant care at the medical facility. Things had gotten that serious. Robert spent his entire days there and only went home to go to bed. It was not lost on anyone anymore that Tiffany was not OK.}}