{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was so weak and had lost so much weight she was bedridden most of the day. Robert went to get her some lunch but before she could eat it, she suffered from a Grand Mal seizure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Doctors rushed in to help her and dismissed Robert from the room she was in. Robert and Rebekah sat outside in the waiting room, both nervous and shaken. Tiffany awakened eventually. Robert was surprised when Rebekah told him that wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t her first seizure and that she had been suffering from seizures for the past two days.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We didn\u8217\'92t want to tell you because we didn\u8217\'92t want you to worry. We thought they\u8217\'92d just pass but they started becoming more frequent. I\u8217\'92m really sorry you had to find out this way,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert understood but a thought lingered in his mind, one that he did not want to come to grips with: that she was dying. Even worse, Tiffany herself suspected the same thing. Before going to bed, she requested that night in a weak voice, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, if there\u8217\'92s anything you can do for me right now, it is that you can tell my family that I love them. Please find a way you can make that happen for me. But whatever you do, continue our mission. We agreed to do that. Don\u8217\'92t let my death be in vain.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t willing to accept what he knew was a real possibility. \u8220\'93Stop talking like that, Tiff. You\u8217\'92re not gonna die. We\u8217\'92re gonna make it through this, OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 But reality would hit him and everyone else harder than it had hit them since the start of Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s operation. In the middle of the night, Tiffany suffered from a massive stroke.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was asleep and there was a knock on his door. He awakened, went over and answered the door. Rebekah, her makeup-free face wrought with panic, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob! It\u8217\'92s Tiffany! She\u8217\'92s suffered from a stroke!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 On high alert, Robert and Rebekah rushed to the elevator and went up two floors to where Tiffany was staying. Rebekah had Robert sit in the waiting room. About 30 minutes later, Rebekah and a neurologist came out to visit with him. They led him to Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s office, sat him down and gave him the grim news.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The neurologist said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We know what\u8217\'92s happening to your friend, Robert, and unfortunately, I have to say it\u8217\'92s not good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert said nothing. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t. He was literally frozen with despair.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We discovered that the medication that is designed to prevent the nervous system from shutting down, for whatever reason, she isn\u8217\'92t responding to it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What are you saying, doctor?\u8221\'94 Robert asked, already knowing the answer to the question.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The doctor looked at Rebekah, as if seeking her permission before continuing. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, we have a confession to make.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell is going on?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Before you were brought here, the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project was attempted on a little over three hundred soldiers.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah? OK.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unfortunately, every one of them died\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s jaw dropped in disbelief. \u8220\'93My God.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Scientists and doctors were able to find out the reason they all died. It turned out that when life energy is extracted from the body, a genetic mutation found in mammals causes their nervous systems to shut down. That is what happened to every one of the individuals who were killed the first time we tried this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was becoming more and more clear why Father Quelatune had someone from Earth undergo this operation.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The doctor then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were able to devise an oral medication that would prevent the shutdown of the nervous system due to the genetic mutation. We animal tested the medication hundreds of times, even on primates, and not a single time did their nervous systems shut down when given the medication. Finally, the medication was successful on you so we were supremely confident it would be successful on Tiffany. But for some reason, it hasn\u8217\'92t been and we have no clue as to why.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So she\u8217\'92s dying?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah bowed her head, as did the doctor. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That was all the confirmation Robert needed. He walked out. He couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t be there anymore. He knew Tiffany was on borrowed time. He went down the elevator, locked himself up in his room and cried. He not only felt lied to, but he felt as though this somehow must have been the incompetence of the Rulose medical staff. He wanted to indict them all and sue them for malpractice, but he knew nothing like that could ever happen. Nobody even knew about the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project except for the government and apparently now the Kwans. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was finally clear to him why Father Quelatune really went all the way to Earth to bring him to this planet. He knew that because the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 operation killed over three hundred soldiers, that the public would have never allowed it again. He imagined how colossal the political damage must have been when he had to report that three hundred families lost their loved ones due to a government experiment he orchestrated. Of course he\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92d bring someone from Earth, so that just in case the experiment failed again, no one from Rulose Island would have suffered! It all made sense to him now! This had nothing to do with Rulose folk culture but rather, everything to do with politics! He couldn\u8217\'92t trust anyone anymore!}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert wished he could confront Father Quelatune but Father Quelatune was not in the Temple. He was actually in Castlerock conducting meetings and investigations on the incidents behind the mission failure that killed Amaga, Cypher and Armond. He would be gone for about two weeks. The more Robert thought about it, however, the less mad he was at Father Quelatune. He understood why Quelatune didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to tell him this. He didn\u8217\'92t want him to worry. He also understood why Father Quelatune forbid Tiffany from undergoing the operation because there was still a slight chance that a life could be lost. He remembered that Amaga was to undergo the operation next but Tiffany insisted that she undergo it after Amaga passed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was later able to confirm himself that Tiffany was indeed dying. She had slipped into a coma and the doctor told him that it was only a matter of time. Robert sat by her bedside as she laid there unconscious. He stared at her lifeless form, not knowing if she could hear him, but he took her limp, soft hand and spoke anyway.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, I just want to say that I am so deeply sorry I got you wrapped up in all of this. I also want to tell you that if it weren\u8217\'92t for you, your strength, your guidance and most of all, your love, I would have never been able to pick myself up again after I lost my wife. I promise that I will take care of your son and do the best that I can to take care of your family too. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know it may not feel sometimes that there are people out there who love you, but Tiffany, I want you to know that I love you more than you\u8217\'92ll ever know. I want you to know that so many others out there love you more than you\u8217\'92ll ever know too. I want you to know that my life is never gonna be the same again, knowing that you\u8217\'92re no longer gonna be by my side. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But Tiffany, you\u8217\'92re on your way to a better place; a place where there\u8217\'92s no more suffering, a place where people like you go after they live in this miserable universe, never to have to endure the pain that I feel right now ever again. If there\u8217\'92s anybody who didn\u8217\'92t deserve this, it was you. What I would give to trade places with you right now! If there was anything I could do that would save your life, I would do it, even if that meant giving up my own. I would gladly do it and nobody would be able to stop me.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know that when I get back home to Earth, the whole world is gonna blame }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  for what happened to you here. That is a responsibility I am willing to take. I am willing to shoulder a lifetime of shame if it meant even one minute of your life being honored and respected. You\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92re one of the bravest, smartest and most beautiful people I have ever had the pleasure of getting to know. Thank you for everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert felt the grip of Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s hand tighten onto his, a brief moment of consciousness, before completely going limp. He knew deep down that she heard every word but just couldn\u8217\'92t respond. He then saw that she had flat-lined. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was over. Tiffany was gone.}}