{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 It was sunset in Candel Village: a poor rural town on the coast of Rulose Island with dirt roads and satellite fixtures atop dusty, futuristic dome-like structures. Villagers dressed in hand-me-downs and coarse, hooded robes busily went about their way. A banged up carry-car, which resembles a Humvee with a large tank in the back for food storage, moved along the muddy streets as annoyed villagers moved out of the way. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A shirtless child and his sister were playing tag in a busy alley. Little did they know that there were several people in the alley that were looking up at the sky. The sound of aircraft suddenly became audible to everyone. Several people in the alley and nearby instantly panicked and ran for cover along with the two children. What was once a tranquil scene instantly turned into utter chaos. Merchants completely knocked over their own stuff to escape as the sound of globular thrusters echoed overhead.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two impressive looking war machines cast an ominous shadow over the village and rained down heavy missiles. These two aircraft were unlike any in the entire galaxy and far more impressive than what is available on Earth. Each one of these things were twice the size of an F-22 fighter jet and twice as lethal. Domed houses exploded and caught on fire, vehicles tipped over and running villagers were vaporized.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A deafening siren-like hum echoed from one of the aircraft. That meant it was time for phase two. The two war machines came down lower and made their descent, crushing several buildings and vehicles in the process. Kwan militants burst out of the back doors bearing heavy rifles. Kwans are extra-terrestrials that look like bald black people with cat-like eyes and pointy, elf-like ears. Screaming villagers were kidnapped and tossed inside the two aircraft. Women were snatched from their husbands, husbands from their wives, children from their parents.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The large, hi-tech War Room of the Rulose Temple was in a frenzy. Government officials moved quickly and frantically. Strategists, air-traffic controllers and military personnel rushed to their stations. Father Quelatune, President of Rulose Island: a black, elderly, bearded patriarch donning a cleric-like robe, made his way down the adjacent hallway along with a beautiful light-skinned black woman dressed in a sleek, form-fitting body-suit. This was Rebekah, the Head Counselor, the highest member of the Rulose Island Senate.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93When did it start, Rebekah?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah glanced at her watch. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just a few minutes ago, sir. It\u8217\'92s Candel Village. It\u8217\'92s the Kwans.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They quickly made their way into the War Room bustling with chaos.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune asked, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Has help been sent out?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just now. The Burgundy Guard\u8217\'92s been sent. Amaga\u8217\'92s leading the charge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga is the Secretary of Defense and is the only woman in Rulose history to ever be elected for that position. She is the director of all military operations on Rulose Island. The Burgundy Guard is an elite air-military branch of Rulose Island that is first to respond to terrorist attacks. In rank, they are second only to the Blue Dragons. If there was anyone who could save Candel from certain destruction, it was them.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Two Burgundy Guard rescue crafts descended into a destroyed Candel Village. Rubble was everywhere as well as several dead bodies and survivors in shock looking for their loved ones. The normally solid domed structures and buildings of Candel were crushed like soda cans. Many of them were in flames as smoke clouded the sky. A group of heavily armed Burgundy Guard soldiers came out and surveyed the area. They were led by General Amaga: a fierce, beautiful black-skinned woman with a very short fro of hair. She took off her helmet as several panicked citizens quickly approached them, begging for help in finding their loved ones. Amaga did the best she could to comfort them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re gonna help you find your family. We promise,\u8221\'94 she told some.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re right on it,\u8221\'94 she told others.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Absolutely, we know this is difficult for you,\u8221\'94 she would say to even more.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Please don\u8217\'92t leave us alone out here!\u8221\'94 a hysterical old woman pleaded while hanging onto Amaga\u8217\'92s arm. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga took the woman by the hand. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We promise you that nothing bad is going to happen to you. Where we are taking you will be safe.\u8221\'94 She then pointed toward one of the rescue crafts. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re just gonna go on that rescue ship right over there, OK? If anything happens, we\u8217\'92ll take care of it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She and her team made their way over near one of the rescue ships as other Burgundy Guard soldiers led the old woman and a long line of others on board. Amaga regrouped with her unit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We were too late. Father Quelatune is not going to like this at all,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s probably going to be calling you any minute now,\u8221\'94 one of the soldiers responded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m prepared.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She looked out at the line of citizens continuing to board the rescue ship. She shook her head in dismay. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lord help me.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Her stomach was in knots thinking about how she was going to report her failure to show up in time to Father Quelatune. She was handpicked as his Secretary of Defense for a reason and has hardly ever lost a mission, especially one of this magnitude. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At that, the sound of the communications device mounted on her collar beeped.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Father Quelatune, is that you?\u8221\'94 she asked nervously.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s it looking like out there?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She looked around at all the dead bodies, destroyed property and panicked survivors boarding the rescue ships through a thick wall of smoke and convection. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We were too late, Father. I\u8217\'92m really sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was silence momentarily on the other end.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s my fault, Amaga. Don\u8217\'92t worry about it. Just make sure everyone gets home safely. We\u8217\'92ll bring our recovery unit over for repairs as soon as we figure up the cost of rebuilding the village.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune hung up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga could feel her eyes stinging but she held back the tears as not to look weak in front of the all male unit she was leading. She then refocused and made her way over to the cabin of one of the rescue ships, went inside and started making the adjustments to depart. She put on her headset.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Attention all passengers. Please make sure to let us know if there is anyone you are looking for, any loved ones or people like that before we leave. Once we leave, we can\u8217\'92t come back,\u8221\'94 she said through the rescue ship\u8217\'92s PA system out to the line of passengers boarding the ship.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The last person to board the ship was a father and his child. After that, the back door of the ship closed as everyone, crying and weeping, took their seats. Soldiers attempted to comfort them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga took command of the controls at the cockpit but closed her eyes first to collect herself.}}