{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Kwans are an extra-terrestrial race from the planet Kwantar: a planet millions of miles away whose natural resources were depleted twenty years ago. This caused its people to seek out another planet to call home. They found one a decade ago which happened to be this one, invaded it, subjugated and colonized nation after nation due to their superior technology (and germs that humans weren\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t immune to) and within the short span of four years, took over most all of the planet, setting up the Kwan Empire. Its ruler was Queen Riptide, a young tyrant whose barbaric ways were impugned even by many of her own people, but not in her presence lest they be killed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was one nation they had yet to conquer and that was Rulose Island. That is not to say they didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t try. The Kwan Empire and Rulose Island were at war for three years but a cease-fire was agreed upon between the two nations in exchange for a natural resource that can only be found on Rulose Island: power from the Kaoli Emerald.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Kaoli Emerald is a powerful green gem-stone the size of a school bus that is housed in a chamber of the Rulose Temple, Rulose Island\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s main government building. The Kaoli Emerald is the single largest piece of pure Kaolium in the world. Kaolium is a non-metallic element that is easily able to absorb nearly infinite amounts of energy. Not only that, but energy can be extracted from it. The Kaoli Emerald was unearthed from deep under the ground roughly 25 years ago and was dated to be nearly as old as the planet itself. Because it was so deep under the ground, it was able to absorb energy for billions of years from the planet\u8217\'92s core, meaning that it was sufficient to power an entire planet for several million years and still have plenty left to spare. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 After the Kwans took over the rest of the world, their demanding technology, reckless abandon and lack of regard for the well-being of the planet depleted its natural resources. The general belief is that Queen Riptide attempted to conquer Rulose Island so that the Kwans could obtain control of the Kaoli Emerald and its limitless power. The only problem for them was that the Kaoli Emerald allowed the Rulose to become the most advanced nation on the planet, surpassing even the technological prowess of the Kwans. While the Kwans certainly had a numbers advantage, they did not have the technological know-how to efficiently extract power from the Kaoli Emerald, and therefore were forced to cooperate with the Rulose in a cease-fire agreement. The Rulose would extract power from the Kaoli Emerald and transfer it to ordinary coal, which would create a fossil-fuel known as Kaolite that was easy for the Kwans to burn and use. While Kaolite isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t anywhere near as powerful as pure Kaolium energy directly from the Kaoli Emerald, the Kwans seemed fine with the compromise and were therefore willing to leave the Rulose alone. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tensions began to rise when human slaves from the Kwan Empire started to take refuge on Rulose Island. After stories broke out of them being abused and raped by their masters, Father Quelatune refused to deport them back to the Kwan Empire despite Queen Riptide\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s constant demands for him to do so. This lead to several threats from Kwan officials that they would end the cease-fire. Father Quelatune had to deal with enormous political pressure from both sides to either deport the refugees or keep them in the country. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga happened to be one of these refugees. She and her younger brother by two years, Smoke, led the biggest slave exodus in the history of the Kwan Empire, hijacking a slave ship and safely landing the aircraft at a private airport near Candel, freeing all 150 slaves on board. They were able to go back and do this successfully again, freeing another 150. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Several Rulatians (citizens of Rulose Island) praised Amaga and her brother\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s act of bravery while many criticized them for putting the country at risk. The Kwans were furious over the exodus as they saw it as a huge embarrassment. Father Quelatune elected both Amaga and Smoke to become members of his Cabinet, which was a massively controversial move that many members of the Council disagreed with. Quelatune, however, felt that it was the right call as he not only greatly admired Smoke and Amaga, but in the case that the Kwans decided to end the cease-fire, he had two people on his team that knew the Kwan Empire inside and out. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was little doubt that the tensions between Rulose Island and the Kwan Empire over the slave refugees had reached its boiling point. The attack on Candel was the first military campaign by the Kwans against the Rulose since the cease-fire was put in place three years ago. Candel, for all intents and purposes, was a nothing town so the Kwans were merely sending a message: that the cease-fire between them and Rulose Island was officially over and that they were ready to go to war again. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Kwans were certainly going to attack major cities such as Castlerock and Midway, each with populations exceeding 4 million, next. They would then set their sights on Angelina, the capital and commercial center of Rulose Island, home to the Rulose Temple and the technological envy of the world with a population of over 9 million.}}