{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Fellow Rulatians, what happened yesterday was a declaration of war,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune at the podium said before the two hundred member Council in the Grand Hall of the Rulose Temple, a large ornate meeting hall with beautiful pillars of cream-colored marble that reached up to the high ceiling. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The Council is a group of elected officials who serve as the legislative branch of Rulose Island, playing a role in governing similar to the United States Congress. There are two chambers of the Council: the Senate and the House of Ambassadors. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The cease-fire has been broken, and unfortunately, it means that this great nation is at war once again,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune knew what was going to come up so he was already prepared.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Many of you will blame me for this uprising, and I want you to know that you will be right. I am to blame. If I would have just deported the hundreds of thousands of refugees that have not only called Rulose Island their home, but have become productive members of society, educating our children, starting businesses, creating jobs and some of them serving in our armed forces, maybe, just }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 maybe}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 , Queen Riptide would have left us alone. But I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m sorry, I\u8217\'92m not going to do that. We all know what would have happened to those refugees had I deported them. They all would have been killed for running away, and there is still no guarantee that would have prevented the tragic events that took place in Candel from happening. We did not become the country that we became by burying our heads in the sand and willingly allowing people who became citizens to be sent back to the barbaric country they escaped from only to be tortured and killed. That is why I have decided that these people are worth going to war for.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Despite the fact that many people in the Council had publicly expressed their disagreement with keeping the refugees, Quelatune\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s speech received a huge applause. Rebekah, who was sitting behind him, smiled as she stood up and applauded along with many others.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I realize, however, that our country, while technologically the most advanced in the world, is outnumbered. We\u8217\'92re up against an army that is not only well-trained, but ten times the size of ours. Queen Riptide has never lost a major battle and so we need to gain the upper hand somehow. It is for this reason that I have decided to restart the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 project.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 At that, a wave of shock and reaction overtook the Council. Quelatune was prepared for that as well.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  project was a campaign that took place prior to the cease-fire that attempted to turn Rulose soldiers into powerful sorcerers who would have the ability to call up forces from the Spirit World. A small portion of a soldier\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s life energy would be surgically extracted from his body and stored into a shard of Kaolium called a Crystal. That shard of Kaolium would act as the soldier\u8217\'92s personal key to the Spirit World. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Hundreds of soldiers volunteered for the project. It turned out to be one of the biggest tragedies in the history of Rulose Island and remains a huge black mark on Father Quelatune\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s presidency, because something went horribly wrong and every one of the soldiers who participated in the experiment died as a result of it. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Scientists were able find that when life energy is extracted from mammals, a genetic mutation causes the nervous system to shut down, eventually leading to death within a few weeks of the operation. A month or two after the operations were completed, soldiers began dying left and right without any explanation at the time.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Since then, an oral medication has been devised that would eliminate the genetic mutation\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s effect on the nervous system behind the original project\u8217\'92s failure, but by then the political damage had been done and the public trust in the program was irreparable. The }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  project became so unpopular that the public would never allow it to be attempted again, even if it would be successful the second time around. The last thing the Rulose government needed at this time was a citizen revolt so for them it was better to just not take the risk. Not only that, but it wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t necessary because of the cease-fire. The cease-fire, however, was no longer in place so the possibility of a revised}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  Kaoli Man}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  project was back on the table.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Seeing as to how unpopular the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 project is, I know that there\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s no chance the public would allow us to do it again, nor would anyone volunteer. We want to make sure that it is safe but again, no one is going to allow their loved ones who serve in our military to undergo it, and understandably so. Because of that, I have arranged for us to visit Earth and find someone there who is willing. Earth\u8217\'92s people are just like us. They\u8217\'92re humans just like we are. Therefore, we will be able to utilize our new method that we are quite sure will be successful this time on one of them without the public knowledge.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was more chatter amongst the council. A trip to Earth not only was expensive, but also dangerous. There was absolutely no way anyone would have known how Earth\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s people would receive them. Not only that, but there was no way anyone from Earth would be willing to undergo this project knowing the risks involved. The idea was that the people of Earth wouldn\u8217\'92t have to know about what happened to all of those soldiers the first time. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The biggest challenge would be finding someone from Earth willing to visit a planet he or she never even knew existed.}}