{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A fresh fire in the fireplace was burning, on the television was a paused game of }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Super Mario All-Stars}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  and Robert Vance was hunched over on the couch of his cozy living room shaking in panic as his wife Diane comforted him. He had just suffered another post-traumatic flashback. Ever since he has come back home to Washington, D.C. from his deployment in Mogadishu, Somalia three months ago, he has had great difficulty in sleeping and even getting basic chores done around the house. A thirty-five year old African-American United States Army helicopter pilot (CW3), he always considered himself tough and brave, but the psychological after-effects of what he went through during }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Operation Gothic Serpent}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  were able to break down even the most brazen of soldiers.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 During an operation in Mogadishu, his Black Hawk helicopter was shot down by an RPG from one of warlord Mohammad Farrah Aidid\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s militants. He was captured afterwords. The incident is most commonly known as the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Battle of Mogadishu}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  or}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1  Black Hawk Down. }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was eventually rescued and given a Purple Heart when he returned home, but the traumatic experience still haunted him even three months later.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Just stay with me here,\u8221\'94 he whispered quietly as his breathing began to slow.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m right here, Bob. I\u8217\'92m not going anywhere. You\u8217\'92re doing fine.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Diane\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s been through this before and so has Robert. Robert never liked being a burden on anyone and always felt like he was when he was having a flashback. He never told Diane when he was having one and often tried to hide it when one was coming on, but she knew him too well to be fooled. Diane didn\u8217\'92t mind comforting him. It bothered her that he felt as if he were being a burden on her whenever she had to.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Diane,\u8221\'94 he mumbled.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t. Please, Bob.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He buried his head in her bosom as he began to calm down. He then sat up.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You want some ice cream?\u8221\'94 she asked as if speaking to a child.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert shook his head despite ice cream being his favorite comfort food after a flashback.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert got up from the couch. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m just gonna head out to JJ\u8217\'92s now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Caution overtook Diane\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s delicate ebony face. \u8220\'93You really don\u8217\'92t need to be drinking at this time, Baby.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll have one drink and that\u8217\'92s it. I\u8217\'92m just gonna catch up with Tiffany because she\u8217\'92s in town. I haven\u8217\'92t seen her since I\u8217\'92ve come back.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert went to go put on his jacket.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Robert. Tell her I said hi. I\u8217\'92m gonna go ahead and start supper, OK?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She kissed him and headed toward the kitchen.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you. I love you,\u8221\'94 Robert said on his way out the door.}}