{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 JJ\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s was a dive bar near the wrong part of town but Robert knew the bartender so he liked to frequent the place. Tiffany Lawnson, a very short but beautiful and athletic brunette in her mid-thirties, was wearing a short dress so when she made her way to the bar toward Robert, there were wet whistles from  truckers, bikers and dirty old men as she walked by. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Made it,\u8221\'94 she said as she sat down next to him and they exchanged hugs.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I miss you so much, Tiff!\u8221\'94 Robert said happily. He looked her up and down. \u8220\'93You look great!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany were both in the military. She was a physician in the United States Air Force. Tiffany met Robert through her husband Maj. Randall Lawnson, who also served in the Army and was a close friend of Robert\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s. Randy was tragically killed in Mogadishu. The loss was particularly devastating for both Tiffany and Robert.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How are you holding up? We haven\u8217\'92t seen each other since the funeral,\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93One day at a time. It\u8217\'92s still rough. It\u8217\'92s only been three months.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She looked away momentarily, seemingly to recompose herself. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry, Tiffany,\u8221\'94 Robert said. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She sat upright and tossed her hair back as though she were trying to cheer herself up. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mikey misses you. You ought\u8217\'92a come see him. He\u8217\'92s getting big just like his daddy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s face never failed to light up when talking about her five month old son Michael.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Man, I wish I had children. As you know, Diane can\u8217\'92t have kids. T-shaped uterus they say,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can adopt.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany nudged him playfully after an awkward silence. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a married war hero, Bob, I\u8217\'92m pretty sure any adoption agency in the world could find you and Diane a child.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert took another swig of beer from his glass.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Another?\u8221\'94 Jay, one of the owners of the bar and longtime friend of Robert\u8217\'92s asked after he downed the last bit.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, brother,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany looked Robert over with curiosity. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How many of those have you had?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can hold my liquor,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany knew where this was going.}}