{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You tell my wife I\u8217\'92m this wasted I\u8217\'92m gonna tell all your friends you still sleep with a night light,\u8221\'94 Robert said in slurred speech as he slumped onto Tiffany\u8217\'92s living room couch.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He completely lost count of how many beers he drank. Thankfully, Tiffany wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t a heavy drinker and was simply there to drive him home. She knew that after flashbacks, Robert would either eat so much ice cream that he would vomit or drink so much beer that he would vomit. In both cases, it was either she or Diane who would be cleaning up his vomit. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She laid a blanket over him. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m pretty sure your wife is going to wonder where the hell you are. In fact, I\u8217\'92m surprised she hasn\u8217\'92t called already. How long have you been gone? It\u8217\'92s past midnight.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 No answer.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was passed out. She chuckled to herself as she shut the light off and walked out of the living room.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Rise and shine, soldier,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said as Robert slowly opened his eyes. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She had Michael in her arms, trying to get him to burp.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert looked around groggily. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Where am I?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany rolled her eyes. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re in big trouble, pal.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She handed him his pager. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Your wife has paged you eleven times. I tried to call her back but she wouldn\u8217\'92t pick up.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert sat up, glanced at the pager and then looked at the clock on the coffee table. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God, it\u8217\'92s noon. I gotta get home!\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He quickly sat up and fumbled for his keys. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany pulled his keys out of her pocket and tossed them to him. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I drove you home, remember?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert went over to the cordless phone on the wall near the stairs. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ll try to call her back first.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You have a really trusting wife. I\u8217\'92m pretty cute, Robert. You better hope she doesn\u8217\'92t think somethin\u8217\'92s goin\u8217\'92 on.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 That line would have worked better if her hair wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t all undone and she weren\u8217\'92t wearing sweats holding a baby.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever,\u8221\'94 he said as he began to dial his house.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Um, hello?\u8221\'94 Robert asked as if surprised by the voice on the other end. Tiffany put her son back in his crib.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, this is he. Who is this?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany sat down on the couch next to him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Uh huh.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What!? What happened!? Is she OK!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was concerned at this point.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What!!? N, n, no!! Wh, what!!!?\u8221\'94 he screamed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany, stricken with fear of the unknown was about to say something but the words would not come out.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God. Oh my God.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert dropped the phone on the floor and cried. Tiffany instinctively comforted him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bob!\u8221\'94 she cried out as she hung up the phone. \u8220\'93What happened, Bob?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Last night,\u8221\'94 he said through sobs. \u8220\'93Last night, at my house there was a break-in.\u8221\'94}}