{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was shaking as was Tiffany. Once he told her what had gone down it hit her almost as hard as it hit him. It turns out that someone looking for him broke into his house and murdered his wife. The killer was identified as an SNA (Somali National Alliance) sympathizer who took his own life afterwords.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bob, I can drive you to your house,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said quietly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t even know how I\u8217\'92m gonna react seeing all those police cars.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She took him by the hand. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Stay here as long as you want. I mean that, OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He nodded and collected himself momentarily, rising to his feet. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s go.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They headed out the door. Tiffany followed.}
\par\pard\plain \fi360\qc\ltrch\loch \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\pard\plain \fi360\ql\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They pulled up to his house and were met with exactly what Robert feared he would be met with. Police tape lined the premises and there were a number of police cars outside. Right when he and Tiffany stepped out of her car, he couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t contain himself. He stared in horror and was transfixed. A cop came over to the two of them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mr. Vance,\u8221\'94 the officer said solemnly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert heard nothing and continued to stare at his house.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany knew what was going to happen next. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Can you let us be alone for a moment, officer? You guys go do your thing.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She led Robert, who was completely in an almost zombie-like trance over to her car. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Here, have a seat, Bob. Try to breathe.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert sat down on the hood of the car and the flashback began.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Images of the battle, the eardrum shattering blast from the RPG grenade hitting the helicopter and its descent to the ground below\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8230\'85}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Lock on to the sound of my voice, Bob,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said quietly as she leaned in closer to him, clasping tightly to his hand.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s warmth helped to pull Robert back into reality and the flashback was over. He was able to shake out of the trance, but was met once again with the current tragedy before him. The ambulance was there and the lights on top weren\u8217\'92t flashing. There was no use because his wife was already dead. Robert buried his head in his hands.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He was able to speak to the detective later on at the police station but he and Tiffany really didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t want to be there. He certainly didn\u8217\'92t want to see the body of his dead wife. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sorry detective. I\u8217\'92ve seen enough dead bodies to last me a lifetime,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 A news reporter followed by a cameraman later walked over to the two of them outside the police station. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Mr. Vance. Hi, Jill Vargas, FOX 12.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert Vance was somewhat of a celebrity due to what happened to him in Mogadishu. Most people knew who he was.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am deeply, deeply sorry to hear about what has happened. Can you tell us about what is going through your mind?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert shook his head as tears welt up in his eyes. Tiffany held onto him tightly and quickly signaled for the reporter to leave. Robert sat on the ground and leaned up against the wheel of Tiffany\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s car, bundled himself up and cried even more. She sat down next to him to comfort him.}}