{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Yolanda Adams\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s voice is amazingly beautiful. Anybody who doesn\u8217\'92t believe that she is on the level of Whitney Houston just isn\u8217\'92t listening enough. Mariah Carey is the new craze right now and all but seriously, Adams blows her away when she\u8217\'92s motivated.}{\f2\fs24\b0\i0  }
\par\plain \f2\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Those were the only thoughts going through Robert\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s mind as Yolanda Adams hit the final notes of one of the best renditions of  \u8220\'93Amazing Grace\u8221\'94 you\u8217\'92ll ever hear to a big applause from the congregation.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 The church was packed and the funeral service for Diane was beautiful. It was closed casket just like Robert wanted. Diane\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s brother happened to be a pastor so he was the one to give the eulogy which felt more like a sermon than a eulogy. Robert did everything in his power not to cry or cause others to feel sorry for him. The truth was that he felt empty and at this point, didn\u8217\'92t feel as though there was anything else to live for. He didn\u8217\'92t have any goals outside of being the best soldier he could be, but his flashbacks were severe and he would never be allowed to serve on a battlefield again because of it. He surely wasn\u8217\'92t ever going to start a family now that his wife was gone. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 After the funeral was the cemetery. Seeing his wife\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92s casket descend into the ground set a whole new reality in place for him. It was here he cried again but he did so alone in his car so that no one would see him. Robert never liked anyone feeling sorry for him. It was bad enough Tiffany seemed to.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 There was a knock on his car window door. It was Tiffany. She was wearing jeans and the usual sweatshirt but still had her makeup on from the funeral. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Robert wiped the tears from his face and unlocked the door. She came in and sat down next to him. They both said nothing. She simply looked him over, not really knowing what to say.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93How are you holding up?\u8221\'94 she finally asked.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Robert didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t answer.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Um, Robert. I want you to stay with me for a while. I have a big guest room set up. You can stay there as long as you want. I don\u8217\'92t mind.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a baby, Tiffany,\u8221\'94 Robert said coldly, still looking straight ahead.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany gasped. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Bob, what are you talking about?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 He leaned back and sighed. \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m losing my mind. I\u8217\'92m sorry. I appreciate the offer but I think I\u8217\'92m gonna be OK.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany didn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t know how to respond. She didn\u8217\'92t know how to tell Robert she did not believe him.}}