{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 To whom it may concern (which probably isn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t very many people),}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 I have made the decision that this life is not worth it anymore. When I was a kid, all I ever wanted to do was save the world and I thought I was going to be able to do that by joining the Army. Right after high school that was exactly what I did and I finally started to live what was supposed to be my dream life. Needless to say, I had no idea that my mind was too weak for such a duty as being a soldier. I now have nightmares of what happened in Mogadishu almost every night. I have constant panic attacks that put me in a deep depression that only drinking lots of beer or indulging in lots of sweets can make go away. My heavy drinking caused me not to be home for my wife when she was abducted and killed by a terrorist. I grew up wanting to save the world but I couldn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t even save her.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1  Say whatever you want. I\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92m not going to hear it because honestly, I\u8217\'92m tired of living this life. So I\u8217\'92m done. }
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 - Bob}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany had a sneaking suspicion that Robert was going to do something stupid.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Earlier that afternoon, she baked him a yellow cake and was going to bring it to his house. He left the door open so she simply walked in thinking that he was there and that was when she saw the suicide note laying on the couch. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Bob!\u8221\'94 she cried out as she frantically moved about through the house looking for him. She looked out the window and saw his car still parked outside. She then ran upstairs.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Bob!\u8221\'94 she cried out again. No answer. }
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She made it to the master bedroom but the door was locked. Robert never locked any of the doors in his house. She beat on the door repeatedly. Hard.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Bob!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She went into her purse and grabbed a hairpin. Thankfully, she was a thief as a teenager and knew how to pick locks. She easily picked this lock and opened the door.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was laid out on the floor unconscious.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Oh my God, Bob!!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She rushed over to him, turned him over and felt his pulse. There was barely anything there and his breathing was very slow. Tiffany was a doctor and knew this wasn\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8217\'92t a heart attack, stroke or anything like that. This was a straight-up suicide attempt.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She rushed over to the phone and dialed 9-1-1. She cradled the phone between her head and shoulder and saw a prescription bottle laying on the carpet. She instantly knew what it was: Morphine.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Christ\u8230\'85\u8221\'94 she said to herself.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 Robert just downed a lethal dose.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93911, what\u8217\'92s your emergency?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, I came in here and my friend has collapsed. He\u8217\'92s still breathing. Still has a pulse. He OD\u8217\'92d bad on morphine. Lethal dose!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Help is on the way, stay with me on the line, OK? Are you at 133 West Memorial Drive?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93OK, make sure that he\u8217\'92s \hich\f2 \emdash \loch\f2  \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s not a damn thing I can do! Get the EMT's down here now!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 She hung up the phone.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re gonna be OK, Bob. You\u8217\'92re gonna be OK,\u8221\'94 she said to Robert\u8217\'92s limp body, seemingly trying to convince herself that he would be OK when she really didn\u8217\'92t know if he was going to be or not.}}