{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert survived, thank God, but was on suicide watch and therefore remained in the hospital to undergo psychiatric evaluation. While he was giving the doctors a hard time, his attempted suicide was broadcast all over the news, much to he and Tiffany\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s chagrin. Being a war hero meant that everybody knew who he was and sure enough, Tiffany was bombarded with questions from reporters the minute she stepped out of the hospital. Robert told her to engage with the media and try to answer their questions because the more you didn't tell the media, the more they were going to make things up.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Joining me now on }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 CBS Evening News}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  is Maj. Tiffany Lawnson, a United States Air Force physician and close friend of Vance\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s. Thank you for joining us.\u8221\'94 Dan Rather said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Good to be here, Dan. But please, call me Tiffany,\u8221\'94 she responded.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Tiffany, can you give us an update on Vance\u8217\'92s condition?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s fine. He\u8217\'92s on suicide watch. I just want to tell people not to judge him though. He\u8217\'92s been through a lot. A lot of people don\u8217\'92t know what war can do to somebody. Not only that, but he lost his wife just last week.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I can tell you, Tiffany, I was fortunate to have him on this show right after he came home from Somalia. He is a wonderful human being.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He really is. I think he just needs some time to unwind. I\u8217\'92m actually going on vacation to Paris next month. I think I\u8217\'92m going to take him along.\u8221\'94}}