{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You can\u8217\'92t be serious, Father,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said as she paced around Father Quelatune\u8217\'92s living room, a luxurious setting with an elegant fireplace and beautiful chandelier.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The man is suicidal! If he thinks war on Earth is bad, he\u8217\'92s }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 really}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  going to be in for a rude awakening once he comes here and has to deal with the Kwans!\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You really need to trust me, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said. \u8220\'93Our team has been collecting lots of information from Earth\u8217\'92s satellites on this man. I was deeply moved by his story.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but by the time news feeds from Earth\u8217\'92s satellites get here they\u8217\'92re a month old. Who knows if he\u8217\'92s even still alive!?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Why wouldn\u8217\'92t he be alive?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Because he\u8217\'92s crazy, that\u8217\'92s why!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He attempted suicide because he didn\u8217\'92t feel as though he had anything else to live for. Maybe we can }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 give}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  him something to live for.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93War ruined him. He\u8217\'92s too weak to help us\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s enough, Rebekah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t often raise his voice, but he did this time. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is a chance we\u8217\'92re willing to take. I talked to the Council earlier today and he is the man we\u8217\'92re going with,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah placed her hands on her hips. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And you didn't }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 think}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  to at least run this by me first!?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I knew you\u8217\'92d object.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah stared blankly at him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Besides, the decision was never going to be yours alone. I brought you here to let you know, not to seek your blessing and certainly not to ask for your permission.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah could feel anger boiling in the pit of her stomach from that remark but she was able to hold it in. Father Quelatune was usually a mellow person but when he was mad at you, it was the worst experience in the world to be sitting across the table from him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah glanced around momentarily. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think it\u8217\'92s time for me to go.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I think so too,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah grabbed the backpack that she walked in with, headed out of the room and shut the door behind her.}}