{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert looked out the car window and took it all in. Paris at night is one of the most beautiful sights in the world and despite traveling all over the globe and visiting many different nations while serving in the Army, he had never been to France. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany glanced over at him and smiled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Beautiful huh? I told ya.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She then made a right-hand turn onto a main highway in their little red rental car. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Now, the last time I was here, Bob, there was this amazing restaurant called Le Ch\u226\'E2teau. You know how much of a planner I am so not only did I already make reservations, but I got us the VIP room which has full bottle service.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert chuckled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Man, you\u8217\'92re spoiling me to death, Tiff.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Anything for my friend. I want to help you rehabilitate and this is the best way I know how.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert leaned back and took a deep breath. For the first time in a long time he felt good. Tiffany was always there for him and without her helping him through what was the worst month of his life, he did not feel like he would have made it. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany pulled up into a movie theater parking lot.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You ready?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What, to read subtitles until my eyes fall out of my sockets?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, I read some really, really good reviews on this movie. Besides, if we\u8217\'92re in Paris we might as well watch a French movie, right?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve never seen a French movie a day in my life.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You know how much trouble I had to go through to find a place that actually had subtitles for their movies in English?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert rolled his eyes. He really didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t care as long as he could be with her.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Well, at least the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 cinematography}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  was good. Robert was bored out of his mind and had a lot of trouble reading the subtitled text fast enough to keep up with what was going on. He looked over at Tiffany and she seemed to be totally into the film. It\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s really too bad because it was a murder mystery and he had no idea what it was even about. All he knew was that they kept replaying footage of some rich guy getting killed. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was then a scene of a man robbing a bank and people running for their lives. Robert was impressed with the sound production because he could hear commotion behind him in surround sound. The movie then cut to a tranquil scene of two old ladies riding in a car in the countryside. Robert still heard the same commotion behind him. At this point, he had a feeling that the commotion behind him wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t coming from this crappy film because it made no sense in this scene. He looked behind him and saw through the crack of the closed double-doors people moving about quickly. Something was going on out there. Others looked behind them as well.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was a lot more curious about what was going on in the lobby than this movie. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Tiff, what\u8217\'92s going on out there?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Somebody got up and left along with two others whose curiosities were also piqued. Tiffany and Robert glanced at each other, nodded and headed out as well.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They made their way into the lobby and several people were headed outside. A crowd of people were in the parking lot and the street looking up into the sky.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Tiffany made their way outside and the wind was blowing really hard. Tiffany\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s hair blew every which way. She quickly tied it up with a band as they both looked up into the sky. The clouds were swirling around quickly and very unnaturally. In the clouds they could see a small box-like object slowly coming down from the sky.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany mumbled in awe, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What the hell is that?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One person went into his car and turned on his handheld camcorder.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The box descended further down. A wave of awe swept over the large gathering. Even more people were getting out of their cars and traffic was at a complete standstill. The box-like UFO descended down even further. It almost looked as if the box was descending toward their location.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert then saw flashing police lights in his peripheral. Police officers, many of them, tried to restore order but a lot of them were looking up into the sky themselves. The wind was still howling and the crowd was growing by the minute to the point that it looked as though either the biggest parade or the biggest riot in Parisian history was about to take place. A police officer could be heard yelling something over a megaphone in French. Tiffany nor Robert could understand a word. All they could do was look at what all the other people were doing and follow suit. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The citizens were all clearing the streets and heading toward the sidewalks. More squad cars came along and eventually started blocking off large sections of the avenue. A helicopter loomed overhead as the box continued its descent. It looked like a silver cube that was about ten feet tall and ten feet wide. The box definitely seemed to be descending toward them.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The box was only about fifteen stories above them now, even lower than some of the buildings in the area. Several people instinctively started to make a run for it at this point. The police lights from the countless squad cars blocking off the avenue reflected on the cube\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s shimmering finish.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The cube landed gently in the middle of the street. Heavily armed police officers trained their weapons on the object and surrounded it. The clicking of rifles  was the only sound that was made as the people were instantly silent in anticipation. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 One of the faces of the cube slowly came down to reveal Father Quelatune and Rebekah, both in ceremonial robes. Inside the cube looked like a mini laboratory of lights, buttons and switches. There were instant awes and lots of flash photography. Quelatune and Rebekah stepped out onto the street and looked around. The police still had their guns drawn.}
\par\plain {\f2\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune said to the police in perfect French, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93}{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Please, we come in peace.\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 The police slowly began to put their weapons down.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune looked everyone over. Everyone was in shock and terrified. There were reporters everywhere as well as cameras. Quelatune nodded to one of the reporters, a pretty Asian woman with a microphone who quickly went over to him. Several cameras moved over near her and all pointed them at Quelatune and Rebekah.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I want to let each and every one of you know that it is OK to be alarmed. It is OK to be scared. But rest assured, we are coming in peace,\u8221\'94 he said. This seemed to calm many of the people down.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93My name is Father Kai Quelatune and this is Rebekah. We come from a world that is very far from yours. We came here today because we need your help. One of your own is an individual whose story we were deeply moved by. All month we were able to pull signals from various news sources from your planet\u8217\'92s satellites. We ask that you forgive us for the invasion of your privacy, but\u8230\'85\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune then looked directly at Robert. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You, young man. Robert Vance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone turned to look at Robert. Robert felt extremely uncomfortable. There were several murmurs in the very large crowd.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0  Tiffany whispered, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93He knows who you are!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert pointed at himself in a \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93who me?\u8221\'94 sort of fashion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune motioned for Robert to come to him again. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Please, Robert, could you come forward for me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert didn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t trust this man, or alien or whatever you want to call him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93How do I know that you\u8217\'92re safe?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I understand. I want you to know that this trip here to Earth was very expensive and extremely unpopular with the government of my home country on the planet I come from. I would not waste such resources in coming all the way here just  to harm you. Please, come forward.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was something trusting about Quelatune. Robert nodded and came forward. There were more murmurs in the crowd. They were becoming restless. Police tried to restore order.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, a month ago you tried to take your own life. It was broadcast all over your planet\u8217\'92s news because you are a war hero. You felt at that time you had nothing else to live for, correct?\u8221\'94 he asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert did not feel comfortable talking about this in front of everyone to see. He quickly glanced around him and then addressed Quelatune. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look, sir, I don\u8217\'92t know who you are or where you come from, but I\u8217\'92m not about to talk about that in front of all these people.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, we want for you to come to our planet and help us save it,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone around him responded with even more shock and awe. Basically, Quelatune was asking Robert to go with him to another planet. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert laughed. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to another planet! You out of your mind!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93If you don\u8217\'92t help us, Robert, millions of people\u8217\'92s lives could be lost,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert looked around at all of the people.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Our planet was invaded by extra-terrestrials known as the Kwans. They subjugated and colonized every single nation on our planet except for ours. We\u8217\'92re next on their agenda. These people are extremely cruel to the natives of our planet and put many of them into slave labor. Once a year, they sacrifice one hundred children to their false god by burning them at the stake. Robert, if you choose to help us in our campaign, we can stop them once and for all. Another thing you must consider is that once they have completely taken over our planet, what will stop them from coming to yours? You have the opportunity to change all of that. Didn\u8217\'92t you say that your dream was to save the world?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert laughed again. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I meant }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 this}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  world.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Look at us, Robert. We\u8217\'92re no different from you. The human race isn\u8217\'92t as unique as you Earthlings think. There are several planets whose inhabitants are no different from yours. We\u8217\'92re all part of the same human family, can\u8217\'92t you see that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert looked around at all of the Frenchmen huddled around him and the thousands who had lined up down the streets to see what all of this was about. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Do you guys think I should do this!?\u8221\'94 Robert asked everyone around him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone in the crowd began to cheer. That was a yes. Robert was still not sure though.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Father Quelatune, look I\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, we\u8217\'92re not asking you to make a decision right now. Just know that you are the only person that our council has agreed upon, which means that by the time we find somebody else, it may be too late.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What exactly am I gonna be doing?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune smiled. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Basically, Robert, what you do best: being the best military leader our nation will ever have.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune headed back over to the box. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93In exactly ten days, 7 AM your time, Robert, I will find you and I will want to know if you are in or if you are out.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune and Rebekah headed back inside the box, its door lifted up, shut and rose back up into the sky and into the clouds.}}