{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Every channel on television was largely wall-to-wall coverage of the incident that took place in Paris. The debate seemed to be on whether or not this was a hoax set up by Robert to get attention and if it wasn\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92t, what his decision was going to be. Robert\u8217\'92s phone constantly rang off the hook day in and day out. He was staying with Tiffany and her son as it was still too painful for him to be in his house alone, even after a month since his wife\u8217\'92s death.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was bottle feeding Tiffany\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s son in the guest bedroom he was staying in. He heard a knock at the door.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Come in,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany peeped in. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hey, little man,\u8221\'94 she cooed as Robert handed Michael over to her. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She cradled Michael in her arms and re-directed her attention to Robert. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You haven\u8217\'92t left the house all day. The phone is ringing off the hook. You ever gonna talk to the media about what happened?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She looked over at the television. Robert was watching CNN, and the only thing that was being covered all day long was the incident that took place the other night in Paris. At the moment, an astrophysicist was being interviewed about aliens being among us and looking just like humans.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re calling what happened the biggest discovery of the 20th century, or the biggest hoax of the 20th century depending on who you ask. Skeptics are claiming that you set this all up for attention\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t care what they think,\u8221\'94 Robert said, turning toward Tiffany. \u8220\'93Those people are judging me. They have the nerve to think that because my wife died, that I\u8217\'92m in a state of mind crazed enough to plot a hoax so elaborate that not even the world\u8217\'92s top scientists can figure it out, like I can control the weather! Everybody felt the wind. Everybody saw the storm when they were coming down. That\u8217\'92s not natural. Meteorologists were even able to pick it up. So tell me how I was able to plot that, huh!? These people are stupid.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He had been wanting to get that out for a while. It was understandable why he wanted to get away from it all. He knew that he was the single most important man on the planet at the moment. These aliens from another world chose him specifically.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93At the very least, can you talk to them so they\u8217\'92d leave }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 me}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  alone?\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked. \u8220\'93While you were asleep this morning, news crews were pounding at the door. I had to shoo them all away and tell them I\u8217\'92d call the police if they ever came back.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was another knock at the door in the living room. Tiffany and Robert looked at each other.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 They got up and headed downstairs toward the door. Tiffany looked through the peephole and who she saw did not look like reporters. These were men in suits.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany looked back at Robert and whispered, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Bob, I think it\u8217\'92s the feds.\u8221\'94}}