{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We don\u8217\'92t want you to feel as though this is an interrogation. We just want you to be safe more than anything,\u8221\'94 one of the FBI agents said. He was a handsome bespectacled man in his late-40\u8217\'92s, trying to speak in as gentle a tone as he could. They were both sitting and sipping coffee on the couch with Robert and Tiffany.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert took a sip of coffee. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand why you guys are here. What happened was weird. I don\u8217\'92t get it either. I don\u8217\'92t know why they singled me out specifically but they did.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, you\u8217\'92re a war hero, Bob,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 the bespectacled man said in agreement. \u8220\'93We spoke to the President about this and he\u8217\'92s still not sure whether or not you should embark upon this mission. It\u8217\'92s up to you. Have you made a decision yet?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert shook his head. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I haven\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Can you make one now?\u8221\'94 asked the other FBI agent, a young African-American man in his early 30\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t think that this meeting is going anywhere,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said, seeing Robert becoming more and more uncomfortable. \u8220\'93News crews have been coming to this house all day long and we just want it to stop. Bob will make the decision when he makes the decision. That\u8217\'92s really all we can tell you at this point. I\u8217\'92m sorry.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two FBI agents looked at each other. The bespectacled man pulled out his pager and looked at it. At that, they both nodded at each other and got up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re absolutely right, Tiffany. This isn\u8217\'92t really going anywhere. We\u8217\'92ll see to it that the press leaves you alone,\u8221\'94 the black agent said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He then handed Tiffany and Robert cards. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93If you need anything, day or night, there\u8217\'92s a direct line to us, OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure. Thanks,\u8221\'94 she said as she and Robert took the cards.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The two feds headed out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was an awkward silence after they left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked as Robert threw her a look.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m going upstairs,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob, you don\u8217\'92t need anyone bothering you about this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert turned around as he headed up the stairs. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I didn\u8217\'92t sleep well last night. I\u8217\'92m just gonna take a nap.\u8221\'94}}