{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany stared down at the floor, unable to get back into whatever it was she was watching on television. She knew that she benefited from taking care of Robert just as much as he benefited from her taking care of him. For the first time in her life since her husband passed away, an adult actually appreciated her, cared about being loved and nurtured by her and wanted to be around her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She grew up with one older sister, Lauren, who is two years older than she is. Lauren was a quiet kid who hardly ever got into trouble. Tiffany was anything but. Their parents constantly fought after she was born and as a result, neglected her and Lauren. Tiffany was a troublemaker all throughout her formative years and ran away from home when she was only fourteen.  After running away, she tried to return home two years later but her parents wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take her back despite Lauren\u8217\'92s pleas for them to do so. Her parents all but disowned her after that. And while her relationship with them has improved over the years now that she was an adult, it has not improved by much although her relationship with Lauren had always been strong. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany also got into all kinds of trouble with the law, from selling drugs to petty theft, the latter of which got her six months in a juvenile detention center. She did very poorly in school bouncing around from foster home to foster home after running away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She took the SAT test her senior year of high school and scored a 1590, indicating that she was beyond the level of a genius despite her bad behavior and was able to get a full-ride scholarship to Harvard. This time, she got serious, studied hard and graduated with a 4.0. She went to medical school and during her time there, her friends set her up on a blind date with a man from New York: a West Point cadet who would later become her husband, Randall Lawnson. Their blind date went horribly but the two fell in love, settled down and got married two years later. Tiffany and Randy both joined the military. He went to the Army and she went to the Air Force.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert, Randy\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s best friend, was always there to comfort Tiffany during her time of bereavement after Robert died. Robert and his late wife Diane were selfless in taking care of her, giving her money, letting her stay over whenever she wanted and caring for her son whenever she was busy. She and her son became a part of their family. Robert in particular really bonded with Michael. Diane had a T-shaped uterus and was told there was a chance she would not be able to have children. They changed Michael\u8217\'92s diapers, read to him at night and treated him as though he were their own. Tiffany owed it to Robert to return the favor during his time of need in the same way he and his wife did for her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The decision was now hers whether or not Robert was going to be visiting a world the likes of which no one from Earth had ever seen. There was an excellent chance he could never return. She knew how real that possibility was. She could not bear the thought of losing someone else in her life at that moment. She could not bear the thought of Michael losing someone else either. She also felt compassion for the many lives at stake in the world in which Robert has been asked to visit. Father Quelatune mentioned children who were not only enslaved but also being burned at the stake. She imagined her own child being in a situation like that and an individual from another world being given the opportunity to save him and many others and that person refusing to do so. She imagined how much she would hate that individual with a passion. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It would be downright hypocritical to forbid Robert from going. It would be immoral not to }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 encourage}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  him to go. That being said, Robert just lost his wife. He\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s a broken man who has severe PTSD flashbacks under even the most benign circumstances. That was not lost on her and was not going to be lost on the people on this other planet who would be depending on him. It was a reality that haunted her. She knew deep down that as talented a pilot and tactician Robert might have been, going alone into an unknown world of war would mess him up badly and he would be of almost no use to them. He would be sent home embarrassed, feeling like a failure.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was morally no good reason for Robert not to go with Father Quelatune to this new world, but given the circumstances, there was no way Tiffany could allow him to go into this new world alone.}}