{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next day, Robert was up early and headed out to the graveyard in which his wife Diane was buried. It was cold so he had on layers of clothing along with his coat. He felt the need to see his wife\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s grave one last time before he left.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He had no doubt that he would gain Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s blessing in embarking upon this mission. He knew that she knew he would be unable to live with himself if he declined. Not only that, but how would the world see him? They\u8217\'92d see him as a coward and he would see himself as one.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that moment, the sound of Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s car pulling up became audible to him. He turned around and saw her park near the entrance of the cemetery. She stepped out of the car wearing a long coat similar to his. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, Bob,\u8221\'94 she called out as she made her way over toward him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How did you know I was gonna be here?\u8221\'94 he asked as she caught up to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She laughed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you too well.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert turned toward the marble tombstone.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not a day goes by you don\u8217\'92t think about her, huh?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert shook his head and stared ahead. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s gloved hand took his. \u8220\'93Bob, I want you to go on this trip.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert knew there was more.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She added, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But I want to come with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert slowly turned around. He was both shocked and relieved at the same time by her words. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiff, you don\u8217\'92t have to\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know. I know I don\u8217\'92t have to go with you. But Bob, you and I both know that you\u8217\'92re not the same as you were before.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You talking about my PTSD?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert turned fully toward her and stared at her dead in the eye. He could see so much concern on her face he couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t stay mad at her for very long. He put his arm around her as they made their way back through the cemetery gate. \u8220\'93Tiffany, I\u8217\'92d love for you to come with me if that\u8217\'92s what you want.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wouldn\u8217\'92t want it any other way, Bob.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert felt far more at ease about this mission knowing that Tiffany would be joining him. If Father Quelatune didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t want to bring them both, they could simply tell him that they weren\u8217\'92t interested.}}