{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 As supportive as Robert was in Tiffany joining him, taking Michael along was completely out of the question. Michael would have to stay on Earth until Tiffany came back. That would mean her parents or sister would have to take care of him while she was gone. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany knew there was no chance her parents would do it. She simply didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have a good relationship with them. Her sister Lauren, however, might oblige.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Lauren is two years older than Tiffany and is a stay at home mother. She married a successful architect and has two children. Tiffany wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t sure if Lauren was going to be up for taking care of a third child but she knew Lauren was the best candidate out of anyone. }
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was also back in the news after the story broke that she would be joining Robert. She did a round of interviews with CNN, ABC, CBS and NBC. Local news crews were right back at her doorstep all day and night. Several people around the world offered to join her and Robert on their mission but authorities weren\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t having it. Two people from Earth going to an unknown planet was bad enough.}}