{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The Council held a memorial service for Rebekah in the Grand Hall. It was tough for Robert, knowing that her entire family had no idea they had just lost their daughter. As difficult as this was, he knew the most difficult part would be in breaking the news to her family. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune and Rebekah brought him into Quelatune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s living room and sat him down. They were going to offer him something that was tempting, but nonetheless, something he would have to decline.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen, Son, I just want you to know that we appreciate everything you\u8217\'92ve done so far,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93But you lost someone you truly love. That being said, we will fully understand it, nor will we hold it against you, if you want to go back home to Earth. Do you want to do that, Robert?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An emphatic }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 no}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  rang through Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s mind. There was no way in hell he would disobey Tiffany\u8217\'92s dying wish: to complete this mission. He was more motivated than ever.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I appreciate the offer, but I do not under any circumstances want to go back home,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It had been a week since Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s death. Robert wasn\u8217\'92t angry at Father Quelatune anymore. Rebekah didn\u8217\'92t take this incident well at all though. She had moved back into the Temple but hadn\u8217\'92t left her quarters since the funeral. Robert decided to pay her a visit.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I knew what had gone wrong, Robert, I really do,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93I know Tiffany and I weren\u8217\'92t on the best of terms, but I knew how much she meant to you. It\u8217\'92s funny, because in that moment, I realized how stupid our petty little beef with each other was now that she\u8217\'92s gone. I really am sorry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert took her by the hand. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, this is not your fault. Nobody knows why she didn\u8217\'92t respond to the medication. But you haven\u8217\'92t left the house in over a week. I understand why you\u8217\'92re blaming yourself, but you shouldn\u8217\'92t. There was really nothing you could have done.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah nodded as she got up from the couch and went over to the crib to pick up Skyler who had started to softly cry. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Here, I\u8217\'92ve got him,\u8221\'94 Robert said as he took the baby from Rebekah and rocked him. Skyler began to calm down. Rebekah looked over at him and smiled. \u8220\'93Tiffany\u8217\'92s right, you know.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Huh?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You would have been a great father.\u8221\'94}}