{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was dealing with the aftermath of the failed mission and Amaga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s subsequent death in his own way. He knew that while his powers have gotten much stronger since his operation, he still had a long way to go before being able to fully realize his powers. He knew that had he been able to call upon the Rulose god of fire, Timothy, the Kwans wouldn\u8217\'92t have stood a chance. He felt he should have been further along than he was. He began training in Castlerock everyday without his gloves where before, he trained every other day. He was finally able to throw fireballs consistently and hit targets without the gloves. He wrote down and tracked his progress. Unfortunately, he didn\u8217\'92t know the first thing about summoning an actual god from the Spirit World and neither did anyone else.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Timothy! I call upon you!\u8221\'94 he shouted, jumping up and down in an open training field with his hands up. Tiffany stood watch with her hands on her hips, laughing. It was early morning and it had just finished raining so the sky was cloudy and gray.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert stomped with frustration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is hopeless. I don\u8217\'92t know the first thing about summoning a god. Is this Timothy even real?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re making progress, Robert, relax,\u8221\'94 Tiffany reassured as she walked over to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I wish I would have been able to call upon Timothy when we were up there on that mission. It sure as hell would have helped.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany could hear the frustration in his voice. She wanted to comfort him but didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know exactly how to. She could see he felt somewhat responsible for everything.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, even if you could have called upon Timothy, there\u8217\'92s probably no way you would have been able to save Amaga. She was fifty miles away from your ship. She was in a completely different area from you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know, I know. I don\u8217\'92t know what I\u8217\'92m saying, actually,\u8221\'94 he said, his voice trailing off as he looked into the sky.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 No response. Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 The loud blast of shots rang all around the X2 as Robert\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92s heart pounded. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Abort! Abort!\u8221\'94 crew members screamed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert could barely breath as he fell to his hands and knees. The entire place was spinning. He could feel his heart pounding out of his chest. Tiffany tightly held onto him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, hang on to my words, OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert could hear her but his body wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t responding the way it normally would. His heart rate increased. The place was turning purple.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, this is bad\u8230\'85help,\u8221\'94 Robert barely choked out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 His heart rate was pounding even faster. He was quickly beginning to lose consciousness.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Boooom! Booom! Boooom! The X2 rocked as it took heavy shots. Robert stared helplessly at the radar. It was completely dead.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93The radar! The radar!\u8221\'94 Robert screamed.}
\par\plain \f1\fs24\b0\i1
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert! Stay with me, Robert,\u8221\'94 Tiffany pleaded. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was drifting further and further away as he a blacked out.}}