{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m sorry you all had to witness that,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said. \u8220\'93How is everyone feeling?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Most everyone said they felt fine even if they didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t really mean it. Smoke raised his hand.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This might surprise some of you, but I don\u8217\'92t think Rebekah should be out of a job completely.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What makes you say that, Smoke?\u8221\'94 Quelatune asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke answered. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me say that if there is anyone who is still broken up about Amaga\u8217\'92s death it is me. There\u8217\'92s not a day that has gone by that I haven\u8217\'92t thought about her. That being said, it }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 was}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Rebekah who was against this mission all along.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany butted in. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Of course she would be against it! She\u8217\'92s on their side!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But there\u8217\'92s no proof of that right now,\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s a really heavy accusation to make of someone.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But we know that somebody in this room is a mole,\u8221\'94 Marxis interjected. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s only a handful of people who have access to the backup database. There\u8217\'92s only a few people who knew about the mission to begin with. There\u8217\'92s only a few people who had access to the ships\u8217\'92 data files. Rebekah checks all of those boxes.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand that,\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93So yeah, I agree that maybe she shouldn\u8217\'92t be Chief Technology Officer anymore. But does that mean she shouldn\u8217\'92t have a job anymore?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Smoke,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said. \u8220\'93Does this have anything to do with Rebekah\u8217\'92s son, Skyler?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I know you and her son have bonded, Smoke. I know you often would babysit for her.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to lie and say I don\u8217\'92t care for him,\u8221\'94 Smoke answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We all do,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. \u8220\'93But lives are at stake here.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I get that,\u8221\'94 Smoke conceded. \u8220\'93Look, how about you guys make her head of the newly rebuilt medical facility. How much harm could she possibly do there?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93A lot,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said. \u8220\'93Remember what happened to the medical facility the first time?\u8221\'94 Do you really want them to blow it up again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re missing my point, Tiff,\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93The new medical facility has a direct link to Rulose intelligence now. We beefed up the security twenty-fold. It is the most secure wing of the Rulose Temple, second only to Father Quelatune\u8217\'92s quarters. Rebekah will live there and literally everything she does on any computer she owns will be traced, tracked and recorded. So if she orders for that wing of the Temple to be destroyed again we\u8217\'92ll know it ahead of time.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m actually liking the sound of this,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune chimed in. \u8220\'93The more I think about it, the more I actually }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 do}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  want Rebekah to continue to work for us. That way we can keep an eye on her. If she\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s out running around unemployed we can\u8217\'92t do that. Who knows what she could plan outside of our watch?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So who\u8217\'92s gonna tell her?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m the President,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93So it\u8217\'92s my responsibility to tell her myself.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Surprisingly, Rebekah took the job without any resistance, saying that she understood why there was suspicion around her, even going as far as to apologize to Tiffany later that evening, stopping by her quarters to talk.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve been through a lot lately,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93I hope you find it in your heart to forgive me. For everything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t completely sure if she could trust Rebekah yet but she also knew there wasn\u8217\'92t possibly anything she could have access to in the medical facility that wasn\u8217\'92t carefully monitored. If there was }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anywhere}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Rebekah could be outed as a mole informant, it would be as director of the medical facility. The idea was that she was either going to be given sufficient rope to hang herself or this would genuinely be a fresh start for her.}}