{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany sat in her bathrobe on the couch of her large, luxurious living room which used to be Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s, eating cereal. The TV was off and the room was silent. It was early in the morning and she knew what was coming up. A boardroom meeting was set up to formally relieve Rebekah of her duties as Chief Technology Officer of the Air Force. On one hand, she relished the idea of putting the bitch in her place. Memories of Rebekah berating her in the office that was once hers replayed in her mind. It was now Tiffany who would be firing her. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She also felt more than ever that Rebekah orchestrated this entire thing. She despised Amaga and probably didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t appreciate her being dressed down at the briefing in front of all those military personnel. The more Tiffany thought about the upcoming meeting, the more she couldn\u8217\'92t wait to stand over Rebekah\u8217\'92s shoulder as she signed her resignation paper.}
\par\plain \f0\fs24\b0\i0
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The boardroom was full of the most distinguished individuals of the Rulose government. Father Quelatune, Tiffany, Smoke, Robert, Tyros the Senior Counselor, Leoma, who survived the A1 disaster since her evacuation pod worked as well as Marxis were all present. Rebekah, of course, was there too. At the time she didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know she was about to be let go but she was about to find out because Father Quelatune cut right to the chase.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not only was the Amelrak mission an abject failure, but a horrible tragedy. I decided that we hold this meeting two weeks after the incident first of all so that we all can decompress from the terrible events that occurred, but also that we may investigate what caused this all to happen to begin with.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune looked everyone over before continuing. Everyone was silent. Robert observed Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face to see if anything was suspect. He saw nothing out of the ordinary.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We were successfully able to find out exactly what went wrong,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93First of all, the Kwans knew well in advance what our strategy was going to be. This was why they were able to populate the area with anti-aircraft guns right before we got there. This is how they were also able to tamper with our aircraft too. Not only were they told this classified information by an informant, but they also somehow had access to the data files of our ships as well as the backup database and its login information that is literally on another planet.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune paused for another moment, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It had to have been one of you in this room who was responsible.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone was quiet. Robert saw several eyes on Rebekah. Rebekah quickly noticed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let me guess, it\u8217\'92s my fault right?\u8221\'94 she said defensively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t play around. \u8220\'93You are one of only five people who had access to the backup database that curiously became corrupt the morning of the mission. You\u8217\'92re the CTO of the Air Force and you live in Castlerock so you had access to the ships and their data files. If }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 anyone}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  could have seen to it that these ships were hijacked to kill a high ranking government official you had an altercation with right before the mission, it was you.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is ridiculous! This is because I\u8217\'92m a Kwan!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93No. This is because all signs point to you,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, you too now, huh, Robert?\u8221\'94 Rebekah asked coldly. \u8220\'93You want a job or do you want Tiffany\u8217\'92s love box!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany had it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, you\u8217\'92re fired.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah gasped, surprised it just came out like that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s why we held this meeting to begin with,\u8221\'94 she continued. \u8220\'93You were brought here for us to tell you that. We just simply came to the conclusion that you can\u8217\'92t be trusted. Either you were behind it and we can\u8217\'92t prove it, or you were grossly incompetent and couldn\u8217\'92t do your job. Either way, we don\u8217\'92t want you working as Chief Technology Officer anymore. And yes, the decision is final.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah continued not to speak. Her eyes burned with anger.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is this true, Father?\u8221\'94 Rebekah finally asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You will be relieved of your duties by the end of this week, Rebekah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe this!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed. \u8220\'93So much for Rulose law and order! Because I\u8217\'92m a Kwan, I\u8217\'92m guilty \u8216\'91till proven innocent!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you done?\u8221\'94 Tiffany asked coldly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah stared at Tiffany with hatred. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You cold-hearted }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 bitch! }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 I swear on my son you will pay for ruining my life.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Death threats to a high-ranking government official is tantamount to high treason, so try me,\u8221\'94 Tiffany responded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah got up from her seat and walked out.}}