{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rulose intelligence was able to determine that it was indeed Lemor-Ixa who orchestrated the hijacking of all three ships, tampering with their communications before the mission even went underway, proving they were informed in advance. It was Lemor-Ixa who tampered with Amaga\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s evacuation device as well, preventing her from being able to evacuate from the A1 with the others when it was shot down. Intelligence assumed it would be too labor-intensive to go and disable every evacuation device in the A1 so they only chose Amaga\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 According to the published design docs of the A1 which by Rulose law, is public record, a group of university research engineers were able to find in an independent study that there was no way any outsider could have possibly hijacked its controls. The same was said about the X1 and X2. The reason was because the only way any ship\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s systems could be hijacked was if it was able to download and install programs while operating. But this feature has never been available for any Rulose battle ship. That would mean if there was anything installed on these battle ships that allowed Lemor-Ixa to control them, they had to have been installed beforehand at the base in Castlerock.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune, Tiffany, Marxis and Robert felt that all signs pointed to Rebekah. Rebekah was Chief Technology Officer of the Rulose Air Force, living in Castlerock. Even if she wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t directly responsible for the ships being hacked, the X2 and A1 were both under her care so it was still her responsibility to ensure that nothing like that would ever happen to them. If Kwans broke into the Air Force base and hacked into the the X2 and A1\u8217\'92s files, surely Rebekah would have, or }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 should}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  have known about it. It was also her job to oversee diagnostic testing for the three ships, including the rebels\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92 X1 prior to them being used in a major mission. She had }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 days }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 to get all of this done. Researchers both in Angelina and Castlerock confirmed that a thorough diagnostic test for each of the ships beforehand would have prevented any of them from leaving the runway that morning. The crew should not have had to find out while they were already up in the air being attacked that their ships had been hacked into. Therefore, either Rebekah was behind these hacks or was grossly incompetent. All Father Quelatune knew was this: Rebekah had absolutely no business being anywhere near a Rulose combat aircraft ever again.}}