{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Funeral services were arranged for all who were killed during the catastrophic mission failure in Amelrak, including for Amaga and Cypher. Father Quelatune spoke to the nation right outside the Rulose Temple, addressing the Rulose citizens in a somber tone and took full responsibility for the events that occurred, but in the back of his mind, he knew this wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t completely his fault. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After memorial services, Smoke\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s sadness turned into anger. He wanted revenge. Father Quelatune grieved Amaga\u8217\'92s death as well. She was like a granddaughter to him. He knew that Smoke felt the most pain and needed the most comfort. Smoke desperately wanted revenge, to drop a nuclear bomb on the Kwans or assassinate Queen Riptide. Father Quelatune knew these were both disastrous ideas and deep down, Smoke did as well.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was mortified. She developed somewhat of a bond with Amaga and not only that, she just naturally didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t take loss very well. The mood was dark and hopeless in the Rulose Temple. The mood across the nation was anger. Father Quelatune knew he had to make things right. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He ordered a full investigation on the destruction of the three battleships and what caused their communications to fail. He needed to get to the bottom of how the Kwans not only knew about the mission in advance and therefore was able to prepare for it, but also what was being built in these factories and how it was going to affect their national security.}}