{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 ArialMT;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 Arial-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was given a break for the next few days. He was able to catch up with Tiffany whom he had not seen since she became Head Counselor. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 She told him about the altercation she had with Rebekah in her office. Robert was both shocked and disappointed upon hearing this news because he and Rebekah got along so well at their training session together. He gad hoped they would work out whatever differences they had but those hopes were now dashed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was called to another major meeting. This one was not in the board room like the last one. This was in the War Room over at Mission Control. Several top military personnel were present as Robert walked in. There were large screens with maps and diagrams and people working at large, high-tech computer stations. As soon as he walked in, everyone working at these stations started leaving.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Robert and Rebekah joined the many other top military brass at the large high-tech meeting table. At the head of the table were Father Quelatune, Tiffany and Amaga. Rebekah was sitting right next to Robert. He was nervous first of all because he had no clue what this meeting was about. He was also nervous because he did not know how Tiffany and Rebekah were going to co-exist in the same room.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93May I have your attention everyone?\u8221\'94 Quelatune asked. Everyone got quiet and turned their attention to him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I want to say first of all, this meeting is absolutely top secret. Everything we talk about here is completely classified information. Is that understood?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone confirmed that they understood.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune waved his hand, holding a remote. A large glowing hologram of Gaia appeared in the center of the table. Father Quelatune touched a part of the hologram and it zoomed into a spherical map of Amelrak. He touched the map again and it zoomed in on a factory. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Our intelligence has been working \u8216\'91round the clock on investigating what has been going on at this factory and several others like it that have suddenly sprang up in the outskirts of Amelrak, the Kwan Empire\u8217\'92s capital city.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 He tapped a button on the remote with his thumb. The many large screens around the War Room changed to show the inside of a large, hi-tech factory where robots and Kwan technicians were working on a massive metal, complicated looking machine. It was unclear as to what this machine was.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We were able to hi-jack some surveillance footage from one of these factories. As you can see, Kwan technicians have been working feverishly on this, uh, whatever this is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We have reason to believe it is some kind of weapon, Father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 There was then chatter amongst the people at the table.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga continued. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93We also need to remember that the Kwans are now aware of what was supposed to be a top secret project known as the }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  project. They became aware as soon as we began investigating these factories.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 She then looked everyone over. \u8220\'93That leads us to believe these factories need to be taken out by.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Shock and alarm overtook to the table.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah raised her hand. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Hang on! Why wasn\u8217\'92t I in the loop on this!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not the Head Counselor anymore, get over it,\u8221\'94 Tiffany snapped. Robert was hoping this wouldn\u8217\'92t happen here.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s enough, you two,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said. He turned back to Amaga. \u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s the strategy, Amaga?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Air strike,\u8221\'94 Amaga answered. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll send our best fleet: the Blue Dragons. There are six factories in all and they\u8217\'92re all working on this machine that we are convinced is a weapon. It seems like each factory is working on each part of this weapon. Our analysts believe it is some type of cannon but we can\u8217\'92t be certain. My brother Smoke and his team were able to hack into their workforce management schedules. They\u8217\'92re working overtime on this. It\u8217\'92s really important to them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga then looked at Robert. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, you\u8217\'92re our man.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone turned to look at him. He felt their eyes on him.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s going on?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune said, \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What she means is that you\u8217\'92re going to embark upon your first mission. We need you to lead the way. The Blue Dragons are our most elite air military force and we would like you to be their commander for this mission. You\u8217\'92re the best pilot we\u8217\'92ve got here alongside Amaga. Don\u8217\'92t worry, she\u8217\'92s gonna be coming with you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Amaga gasped and turned to Quelatune. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I am!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That wasn\u8217\'92t part of the plan, Father!\u8221\'94 Amaga whispered loudly.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93It is now,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93What are you, scared?\u8221\'94 Rebekah sneered.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go to hell,\u8221\'94 Amaga retorted.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re not helping your cause, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Robert whispered to her.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever,\u8221\'94 Rebekah responded. \u8220\'93Is my opinion welcome, Father?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sure,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said, annoyed.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah stood up. \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I just want to say that whatever genius came up with this mission\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93That was me, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Great,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said with contempt. \u8220\'93Alright then, Father Quelatune, since you\u8217\'92re the genius that came up with this mission, I just want to say that I think it is an absolutely }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 terrible}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  idea.\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, I wanna hear this,\u8221\'94 Amaga said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Sit the fuck down,\u8221\'94 Rebekah shrieked at her. Amaga swallowed hard, holding back anger.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93As I was saying, Father,\u8221\'94 Rebekah continued. \u8220\'93You sending in a rag-tag unit of government officials flying into the outskirts of the Kwan capital city to an unknown factory is totally dangerous. You guys will get wiped out. Do you really think they\u8217\'92re not gonna see you guys coming? They\u8217\'92ve probably got they\u8217\'92re entire homeland security flying around around that place day and night. It\u8217\'92ll be a dogfight. Do you really want a dogfight over this? We don\u8217\'92t even know if what they\u8217\'92re building is even dangerous.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93And just how would you know that, Rebekah?\u8221\'94 Amaga asked with suspicion.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, she\u8217\'92s not a mole at }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 all}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8221\'94 Tiffany added sarcastically.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not retarded, Bitch! That\u8217\'92s how I know,\u8221\'94 Rebekah snapped at Tiffany.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Go on, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Thank you, Father,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93My proposal is that we try to first find out exactly }{\f2\fs24\b0\i1 what}{\f1\fs24\b0\i0  it is they\loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8217\'92re building before trying to blow it up. It might be nothing. It might be a giant microwave for all we know\hich\f1 \emdash \loch\f1 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t be ridiculous, we know it\u8217\'92s a weapon,\u8221\'94 Amaga said. \u8220\'93And may I add, I am your boss now, Rebekah. Not only that, but you\u8217\'92re military now, so the chain of command ain\u8217\'92t like it is in your fancy little offices. That is to say that I have the constitutional right not only to fire you but to bitch slap the taste out of your mouth for insubordination and not even the President of Rulose Island could punish me. So know your place.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af1\hich\af1\dbch\af1\uc1\u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s right, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said calmly. \u8220\'93But we appreciate your input.\u8221\'94}}