{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah and Robert were back in the shuttle flying low over the city. Robert looked out the window as they flew over the industrial sector at the manufacturing plants and factories manned by workers and robots. They later ended up flying north to the outskirts of town several miles out, eventually to a large mountain range. The shuttle landed on a plateau. They were so far from the city that the skyline wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even visible from where they were. Rebekah and Robert, who was heavily armed and ready for battle, left the shuttle and trekked on foot another mile to a large nearby cave sealed by metal sliding doors. They were met by armed guards standing outside of a large armored vehicle. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Man, this place is intense,\u8221\'94 Robert said looking around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yep,\u8221\'94 Rebekah responded. \u8220\'93Alright, Bob. This is a real-world battle simulation you\u8217\'92re going to experience in this dark, enclosed space. You want to make sure you hit your targets accurately and not fire away with reckless abandon because you could set things on fire you didn\u8217\'92t intend to and it could be a situation. Fighting in a burning cave of sulfur and limestone is a lot harder than you might think, OK?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Who exactly am I gonna be battling in this cave?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There are androids in there that are going to attack you. They\u8217\'92re not going to go easy on you either. I\u8217\'92ll shut them all off if we sense you are in any real danger. They are armed with guns, but they are shooting rubber bullets that won\u8217\'92t kill you. \u8220\'93}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert grew anxious.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We want to test your powers in as realistic a situation as possible. We feel you\u8217\'92re ready now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She pulled out a stopwatch. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m also gonna be timing you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh wonderful.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Robert. You ready?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The doors of the cave slid open. It was pitch black inside as Robert felt the cave\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cold wet draft.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Before even stepping inside, he saw the red bionic eyes of patrolling humanoid androids deep within the cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He put on his goggles and could see everything as he walked in. The cave was actually factory-like with conveyor belts, rafters, cranes and stairs going up multiple levels of the stone walls. Androids patrolled each of the levels and he also saw cameras everywhere.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The doors of the cave shut behind him. He was alone now save for Rebekah able to speak to him through his earpiece.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright Robert,\u8221\'94 she said softly to him in his ear. \u8220\'93Your goal is to grab the prize at the end, which is going to be a blue balloon.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Suddenly, a bright, floating blue balloon appeared in the distance at the far other end of the factory cave.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93There it is. You see it? Just simply nod if you do. I can track your motions.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert nodded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good,\u8221\'94 she said. \u8220\'93The androids are ignoring you now but as soon as I actually start the sim, they\u8217\'92re going to notice you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t even notice she had not even started the sim yet. Oh boy\u8230\'85}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Robert. In 5, 4, 3, 2, 1, Go!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Suddenly an alarm went off. The androids down below went on full alert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Intruder!\u8221\'94 a robotic voice called out over the loudspeakers.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was ready. He ran down one of the hallways as androids level with him came out of nowhere and ran after him. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Brrrrrang!}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Automatic weapons fired at him but the bullets hit walls.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He hid behind a wall and aimed at an android approaching him. He fired. The android instantly went up in flames.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 An android grabbed him from behind. Robert was taken aback by how incredibly strong it was. Its cybernetic limbs wrapped around him tighter than any human ever could and put him in a rear-naked choke. He instantly began to lose consciousness.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert elbowed it in the head and struck it in the sternum with an open-palmed strike. The android flew back, engulfed in flames. Robert was surprised he was able to even do that. His powers were beginning to work }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 for }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 him rather than the other way around.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Awesome job, Bob!\u8221\'94 Rebekah called out to him through his earpiece.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert ran out from the wall and onward to the balloon, which was still a ways off. There was a clearing as androids ambushed and surrounded him. They immediately fired their weapons but he hit a button on his belt right in the nick of time. A glowing orange transparent shield of energy surround him, causing every bullet to disintegrate before making contact. After a few seconds, Robert began feeling dizzy and tired. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah cried out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Don\u8217\'92t have that on for too long Robert! You\u8217\'92re losing spirit energy!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert pulled out one of his magic grenades and tossed it. }
\par\plain {\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Booooom! }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The place shook with an explosion of fire and magic. Every android around him was dead and going up in flames as smoke clouded his vision. The walls around him were burning in flames as well. His lungs began to sting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whoah!\u8221\'94 he cried out, coughing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two more androids up in the rafters started firing at him. He jumped out of the way, landing hard on his side. Pain radiated through his entire body as smoke blinded him. Perhaps using a grenade in such a small space was a bad idea.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gotta get out of there, you\u8217\'92re burning the whole place down!\u8221\'94 Rebekah said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert fired at the two androids up in the rafters but wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t able to hit either target. Not only was his vision impaired but he was feeling so tired and dizzy he could barely hold up his weapon.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re using a lot more magic than you normally would in a battle like this so I know you\u8217\'92re tired. Try to conserve!\u8221\'94 Rebekah advised.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He then heard something metal drop near him that started rolling closer and closer to him. His heart raced, knowing exactly what it was.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Grenade!\u8221\'94 Rebekah cried out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert instantly picked it up and threw it back at the androids up in the rafters.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The grenade exploded in mid air, the blast of heat and some of the shrapnel smacked him in the face. He hit the ground back first, the back of his head bouncing on the hard metal ground. Despite wearing a heavy helmet, he felt like his skull was cracked open. His head throbbed in pain.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert picked up his weapon and fired again. He missed as another part of the cave went up in flames. The androids fired at him again but they missed as Robert heard bullets whiz by him. They couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t get a clear shot either through all the smoke.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 He focused hard and charged up a large fireball in his hands and launched it. The fireball flew from his hands with a fat trail of black smoke and hit both targets with an explosion of fire and light. That was the most powerful fireball he has ever thrown by far. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93All clear, Robert!\u8221\'94 Rebekah said joyously. \u8220\'93Now it\u8217\'92s time to get to that balloon!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert saw the glowing blue-green balloon in the distance. He trudged his way over to it, going up two flights of stairs and making his way over large walls of sandbags to get to it. He then went down some stairs and across a ramp, finally grabbing the floating balloon by the string. The door to the other side opened. Rebekah was waiting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s legs felt like jelly as the door shut behind him and he dropped his weapon, fell on his knees and threw off his helmet and goggles.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The cool air of the outdoors felt good against his skin. He looked out in the distance at the mountains, trees and blue sky, thankful he got through that hell. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob, you nailed it!\u8221\'94 Rebekah said excitedly, looking at her stopwatch. \u8220\'93You got through all of that in less than 15 minutes. We were expecting it to take about 20 minutes at the least.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was happy to hear that.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That test you just did is the top most difficult infantry test we have here on Rulose Island,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93Only two others in the history of Rulose Island have been able to get through it. One of them was Amaga but it took her nearly a half-hour. But here\u8217\'92s the thing, Bob; we made it three times as difficult for you. Normally, there\u8217\'92s only three androids in that cave. For you, there were ten. With these new powers, you really are a super soldier.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert removed his Kevlar vest.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can barely stand, though,\u8221\'94 he said breathlessly.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re spirit energy is pretty low right now because you used so much magic. Over time it will regenerate. You just need food, fluids and rest.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 could}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  use a burger right about then.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Keep in mind that you were exclusively using your magic,\u8221\'94 Rebekah continued. \u8220\'93In a normal battle situation you\u8217\'92ll have other weapons besides just your magic. Not only that, but as you use your magic and it gets stronger, you'll be able to use your magic more and more often without getting tired.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah helped him remove the rest of his armor to the point he was eventually back in his regular training clothes. The chilly outside air and his pores open from his body drenched in sweat made him shiver. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think we\u8217\'92re gonna call it a day,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. She then smiled. \u8220\'93Be careful with those grenades. Your magic is stronger than you think. Not only that, but those grenades are filled with the same material used In your magic amplifying gloves.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93They\u8217\'92re amazing,\u8221\'94 Robert said in awe, picking one up and examining it.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. They\u8217\'92re pretty cool, and you\u8217\'92re welcome. I designed them.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She then glanced at her watch and helped him up. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s get outta here. You can leave all your stuff here. Amaga\u8217\'92s ordered a cleanup crew.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 They were back on the shuttle on their way back to Angelina. Robert felt good. For the first time he felt like he had something no other soldier had. For the first time, he felt like he truly knew why he was brought all the way from Earth to this strange but amazing planet. He knew there was still much more progress to be made. He wanted to master his powers. The idea of summoning a god from the Spirit World capable of wiping out an tire battalion captivated him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 This great training day couldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have come at a better time either. Because little did he or Rebekah know at the time that Father Quelatune was soon going to arrange for Robert to embark upon a mission where he would need every bit of his new found powers and then some.}}