{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was early in the morning when Robert would have to wake up for another training session in Castlerock. Today, he would be training with Rebekah. He ate breakfast and headed out to the private airship that would take him to the training facility. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Once he got there, he was led back into the warehouse he had been training at. Rebekah was waiting for him. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Something was different when he walked in. She smiled, standing behind a large table with advanced weapons assorted on it: explosives, guns of various sizes, gadgets, goggles and some kind of wrist worn device.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She called out, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just in time, Bob! Come over here!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert wondered what was going on as he approached Rebekah at the table. He was very surprised she was being so nice to him considering what went down in the meeting.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like what you see?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert picked up one of the rifles. It was a beautiful work of futuristic art and felt comfortable in his hands. The barrel was three times the size of an assault rifle\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Wow, this is nice,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93What kind of ammo does this thing take?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your magic,\u8221\'94 Rebekah answered, grinning.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was confused. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come again?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah came around the table and handed Robert his magic amplifying gloves. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Your magic powers every one of these weapons you see here. Your magic is amplified through your gloves and channeled into these weapons. They have very powerful effects depending on the strength of your magic. That includes the explosives too, by the way,\u8221\'94 she said, indicating the grenades laying on the table.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 She then picked up another rifle identical to the one Robert was holding in his hands.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You see this?\u8221\'94 she asked, showing him the shiny surface on the back of the pistol grip, which was a different material from the rest of the rifle.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, looks like chrome,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put those gloves on,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert obeyed, putting the rifle back on the table and putting the gloves on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah picked up the wrist device. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Put this on one of your wrists. It doesn\u8217\'92t matter which one.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was lost, but he put the wrist device on.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah removed the Crystal that was hanging around Robert\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s neck, unlatched a small opening on the wrist device, slipped it inside, shut the opening and pressed a button. The wrist device\u8217\'92s little lights lit up to a soft red glow. Robert\u8217\'92s hands suddenly felt warm. He looked at them. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, take your rifle and hold it, making sure you\u8217\'92re holding onto the pistol grip.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert picked up the rifle and held it the way Rebekah was showing him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 A dummy was rolled out in front of him about 50 feet away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, Robert. Take aim and fire at the target the way you would fire any other rifle. But you\u8217\'92ve got to focus. It\u8217\'92s your magic that will be channeled through the rifle.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert aimed, pulled the trigger and the rifle blasted. Before he knew it, the dummy was charred and melted, burning in flames. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert was blown away by what he just did so much that he almost dropped his weapon. He barely managed to even hit a dummy his first couple of days of training and now has just destroyed one with one shot.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93See what I\u8217\'92m talking about now, Robert?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That was incredible!\u8221\'94 Robert exclaimed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Two more dummies were rolled out, this time 80 feet away. Robert fired off at them. They were both burning to a crisp within seconds.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert gushed, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh man, I think we hit a breakthrough!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert thought back to the sizable weapons stockpile he and Tiffany packed before leaving Earth. Surely he should have known the Rulose was going to provide him with higher grade weapons if they brought him all the way to this planet to be a top soldier. Earth\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s weapons were junk compared to this. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah nodded. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re a long way from reaching the full extent of your powers though, Robert.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I heard,\u8221\'94 he said. \u8220\'93I was told that the pinnacle of mastery will be when I\u8217\'92m able to summon a literal god from the Spirit World. In this case, Father Quelatune believes it will be Timothy.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93He\u8217\'92s right,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93But as for right now, it\u8217\'92s time for phase two.\u8221\'94}}