{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0  Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s first day on the job as Head Counselor was fairly uneventful. There weren\u8217\'92t very many bills people were attempting to get passed that she needed her staff to review and anything she was asked to do was nothing more than simply signing off on things. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany walked back into her office after lunch and got a message from the intercom.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany speaking,\u8221\'94 she answered.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 It was the front desk receptionist on the other end. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, Rebekah is here to see you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s stomach was immediately in knots. She knew that if she let Rebekah in, this was not going to end well. She also knew, however, that if she didn\u8217\'92t allow Rebekah in, she would come across as a coward to Father Quelatune as well as those who put her in this new position.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let her in,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Alright, here she comes.\u8221\'94 The receptionist hung up.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany braced herself, wondering what Rebekah could be coming in to tell her. What if Rebekah wanted to threaten her or verbally attack her? She was prepared for the worst.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 At that moment, Rebekah walked in. Tiffany, trying to be as professional as she could be, said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Hi, Rebekah. How are you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah pulled up a chair and sat down in front of Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s desk. \u8220\'93How are you liking the new job?\u8221\'94 Rebekah asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Well, it\u8217\'92s fine,\u8221\'94 Tiffany answered nonchalantly. \u8220\'93Pretty uneventful right now.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Oh, it\u8217\'92s }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 eventful}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 ,\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s just that they don\u8217\'92t have }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  doing anything.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t know how to respond to that but she already knew where this was going.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah leaned forward. Her eyes narrowed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Tiffany, let\u8217\'92s get one thing straight right now. You\u8217\'92re not going to hang onto that position forever so do not get too comfortable. Father Quelatune made it crystal clear that position is mine as soon as all of this stuff blows over. You understand that, do you?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t respond.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah continued. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Me being a Kwan has politically hurt me but the fact that you turn your back on me not only doesn\u8217\'92t surprise me, but it smacks of everything the overwhelming majority of you Earthlings are: selfish, backstabbing, despicable, sick individuals. If you think for a second that you\u8217\'92re getting a free ride when I get my position back you couldn\u8217\'92t be more wrong in your pathetic life.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany felt a powerful combination of fear and anger hit her like a battering ram. She was genuinely scared of what Rebekah would or could do to her as soon as she got her position as Head Counselor back but she also felt a visceral anger that normally came about when somebody confronted her the way she was being confronted. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You pitiless, sad, incompetent, }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 useless}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  individual!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Rebekah said with cold hearted venom. \u8220\'93I will make your life so much hell and politically wipe your lilly-white face off of this planet! You have no idea what my job entails, so don\u8217\'92t pretend to know what the hell you\u8217\'92re doing \u8216\'91cause you don\u8217\'92t. You\u8217\'92re a figurehead and nothing more.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany was dizzy with anger but was frozen, still trying to process it all. Her face was hot and her eyes burned as she fought back tears of rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Cat got your tongue?\u8221\'94 Rebekah taunted. \u8220\'93Of course you have nothing to say, because you know how much you do not belong here.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah leaned in closer, inches from Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face. \u8220\'93Go home. Go back to Earth. Stay there, drink bleach and kill yourself for all I care. You\u8217\'92re trash. I know it, Robert knows it, Father knows it and most importantly }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  know it. You don\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t belong on this planet and you never will.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany had it. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, you got one thing wrong,\u8221\'94 she said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And what is that?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not a fucking figurehead,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said quietly. She then raised her voice, more confident. \u8220\'93And if you continue to talk to me the way you are, I\u8217\'92ll demote you even further so you better watch it.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah said nothing but Tiffany could see she was beginning to break her. Tiffany pressed further. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And yeah, I }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 am }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 onto you, and so is everyone else in this Temple. No one knew about the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project, but you and your little sis may be tight. Am I right about that, Rebekah?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up, Tiffany\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Get out,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said quietly, like her father said to her back on Earth the last time she spoke to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah chuckled with contempt. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You really don\u8217\'92t know what you\u8217\'92re\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not going to ask you again, Rebekah.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah paused momentarily, then stood up, her face hot with anger. She walked out and slammed the door hard behind her.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s body and nerves were taut. Her pounding heart had to be beating at least 165 beats per minute. She felt like a tornado was wreaking havoc in the pit of her stomach. She leaned back and sighed, letting all the tension flow out of her body which was in an ice cold sweat. She closed her eyes as a hot tear streamed down her right cheek. Her temples pounded. She finally stood up to Rebekah and felt more confident in herself, more confident than she had felt since arriving. She was strong now. She was confident. She was Robert.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deep down, she knew this position was only temporary but that didn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t matter. She knew that while she would probably never gain Rebekah\u8217\'92s approval again, she would always have Rebekah\u8217\'92s respect. And at the end of the day, that\u8217\'92s what mattered to her the most.}}