{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Because Tiffany was now the Head Counselor, she would have to live and work in the Head Counselor\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s quarters, meaning that Rebekah would have to move out. It took less than a day for her to get settled in but she would miss living with Robert. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune also met with Rebekah in his office to let her know what her job was going to be until they could get things straightened out.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92ve decided that I\u8217\'92m creating a new department for you, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah sat up, defiant. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I thought you said this was temporary.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Then why would you create a new department just for me?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll replace you as soon as you get your old job back,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. He then went into his drawer, pulled out a thick Manila envelope and laid it in front of her on his desk. \u8220\'93You\u8217\'92re going to be our Chief Technology Officer for the Rulose Air Force.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Snazzy,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said sarcastically. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not only will you be in charge of everything technology-related regarding our Air Force, but you\u8217\'92re also going to be overseeing the development of weapons that will allow Robert to channel his new powers.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m impressed.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah. And the only person I trust to handle running that department for the time being is you. So can I trust you, Rebekah?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Sure you can.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Good. Now, you\u8217\'92re going to be reporting to Amaga since she\u8217\'92s the Secretary of Defense and you two know each other. She\u8217\'92ll basically be your boss. You cool with that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Not really, but I can deal.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Something else,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93What\u8217\'92s that?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll have to move back to Castlerock since that\u8217\'92s where the base is.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Are you kidding!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It\u8217\'92s only temporary, Rebekah. We\u8217\'92ll help you move and everything, but don\u8217\'92t you have a house out there anyway?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yes I do, but I didn\u8217\'92t plan on moving, Father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Like I said, this is only temporary until we can get to the bottom of what brought along the attack.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You said that ten thousand times already, Father.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune paused momentarily, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think this can be a fresh start for you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I don\u8217\'92t need a fresh start. I didn\u8217\'92t do anything.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You know what I\u8217\'92m talking about, Rebekah.\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah shifted in her seat, obviously uncomfortable.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93When do I start?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You\u8217\'92ll start today. We\u8217\'92re in the process of setting up an office for you right now as we speak.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I can\u8217\'92t believe this,\u8221\'94 she said under her breath.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I understand,\u8221\'94 Quelatune responded gently. \u8220\'93But I think you\u8217\'92ll find this job rewarding.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah rolled her eyes and sighed. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Whatever.\u8221\'94}}