{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 After the meeting was adjourned, Smoke, who said nothing during the entire thing, stood in the hallway. Robert went over to him.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You didn\u8217\'92t say anything throughout the entire meeting. What\u8217\'92s up?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think people are jumping to conclusions,\u8221\'94 Smoke said. \u8220\'93There\u8217\'92s no evidence that Rebekah had anything to do with what happened. She has a right to be angry.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody is blaming Rebekah just yet,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93She\u8217\'92s just being demoted temporarily because Quelatune wants to pacify her political opponents.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So this is all a game then, huh?\u8221\'94 Smoke asked, almost expecting to be disappointed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Unfortunately, it kind of is,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke was an idealist and Robert could tell. Unfortunately, like on Earth, politics was no place for idealism. }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Just remember, Smoke. She\u8217\'92s still going to be getting paid the same as what she\u8217\'92s getting paid now. She\u8217\'92s just being asked to lay low for a while, probably until all this blows over. Unfortunately, there\u8217\'92s a lot of speculation within the Council surrounding her, and if Quelatune can tell them that they\u8217\'92re investigating her and even suspending her temporarily, that might prevent them from outing her as a Kwan to the public.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Yeah, but her trustworthiness shouldn\u8217\'92t be questioned over something she might not have even done,\u8221\'94 Smoke said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I agree, Smoke.  But unfortunately, life isn\u8217\'92t always fair.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Smoke sighed, understanding. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s true no matter what planet you\u8217\'92re on.\u8221\'94}}