{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what now then, huh?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune paused for a moment, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, I\u8217\'92m afraid, and I stress that it\u8217\'92s only temporary, you will be relieved of your duties as Head Counselor for the time being.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone in the room reacted with quiet shock. Horror and dismay flashed across Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father, no,\u8221\'94 she pleaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, I want to make it clear that this is only temporary until we get to the bottom of this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not fair! I didn\u8217\'92t do anything!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not saying you did, but I have to do this\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll find a new position for you. Your pay grade will be the exact same as what it is now. I\u8217\'92m only doing this because unfortunately, most people in here are suspicious, so I have to do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 something}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah looked at Robert. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is all your fault.\u8221\'94 She then looked at Tiffany. \u8220\'93And I knew I should have trusted my very first instinct about you, you self-serving wretch. You have done nothing but cause trouble and division since you\u8217\'92ve stepped foot on this planet. Bringing you here was a huge mistake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany looked away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure as hell sound guilty to me,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s enough,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. He then referred to Tiffany, \u8220\'93Tiffany, in the meantime, I would like for you to be Head Counselor. You\u8217\'92re a citizen so I am able to appoint you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93Wh, what!? This is an outrage! Tiffany has no experience!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And neither did you when I appointed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93Like I said, Rebekah, I will still pay you what you are being paid now. You\u8217\'92re not in trouble. But if the Council sees that I\u8217\'92ve done this, they are less likely to take matters into their own hands and try to out you to the public that you\u8217\'92re a Kwan. I\u8217\'92m doing this for your own good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah got up from her seat and started to head out of the room. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door slammed behind her. Everyone was still quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m really sorry about all this, Father,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have nothing to be sorry about. You\u8217\'92re Head Counselor now. Don\u8217\'92t worry about being ill-prepared. There\u8217\'92s not much going on right now outside of trying to rebuild two floors of the Temple. However, somebody has to be in position to fill the role.\u8221\'94}}