{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The next day, everyone was allowed back into the Temple. They were already working round-the-clock on repairing the two floors of the Temple that were bombed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Father Quelatune held a meeting in the boardroom of the Rulose Temple which was down the hall from his living quarters. The boardroom had many windows as the daylight poured in and presented a stunning view of the futuristic cityscape of Angelina. Top members of the Rulose Council as well as Father Quelatune\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s cabinet were present, including Amaga, Smoke, Tiffany, Robert, Rebekah and the Senior Counselor, Tyros, head of the House of Ambassadors which is the lower house of the Council (the Senate, headed by the Head Counselor, Rebekah, is the upper house). }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I think all of you know why we are here today,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said at the head of the table. \u8220\'93It is quite obvious that the Kwans have learned about the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project and we are going to get to the bottom of how they found out.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 There was a brief silence as everyone looked around at each other. Robert studied Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s features, wanting to see if there was any hint of guilt. He found none. Her expression wasn\u8217\'92t any different than anyone else\u8217\'92s.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93The public had no knowledge of this project, so somebody in the Temple leaked this information,\u8221\'94 Father Quelatune said. \u8220\'93Unfortunately, we are going to have to perform interrogations on many members of the Council, as well as individuals who work in the Temple. Try not to take these interrogations personally, but our national security has been put at enormous risk.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune then addressed Robert. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Robert, you are not to leave the Temple until we figure this out. You are also going to be under strict surveillance.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father, are you suggesting that I\u8217\'92m a suspect?\u8221\'94 Robert asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Listen Son, right now, everybody\u8217\'92s a suspect,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gotta be kidding me!\u8221\'94 Robert exclaimed. \u8220\'93The }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  project was performed on }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 me! }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 That would make me the last person to ever tell the Kwans about it!}{\f1\fs24\b0\i1  }{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everybody in this room knows Rebekah is the primary suspect!\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s expression quickly changed as everyone in the room gasped. She glared at Robert with absolute rage.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Come on!\u8221\'94 he continued. \u8220\'93The girl is literally Queen Riptide\u8217\'92s sister! It makes all the sense in the world for her to do this! If she can show enough loyalty to the Kwans, they won\u8217\'92t execute her in the chance we lose this war!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We\u8217\'92re not going to lose this war.\u8221\'94 Quelatune said defensively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93It doesn\u8217\'92t matter what you think, Father,\u8221\'94 Robert responded. He then pointed at Rebekah. \u8220\'93It matters what }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 she}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  thinks.\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah bolted up from her seat. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s enough, Robert! You\u8217\'92re completely out of line!\u8221\'94 She then looked over at Tiffany. \u8220\'93What do you think, Tiffany?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany said nothing.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Do you believe him?\u8221\'94 Rebekah pressed.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany sighed and shook her head. Her face was white and her eyes bloodshot. She said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, honestly,  who else would know other than those of us in this building? And if it\u8217\'92s not you, who would it be?\u8221\'94 }
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You gotta be kidding me,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said, hatred and anger boiling in her voice.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, perhaps you should\hich\f0 \emdash \loch\f0 \u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Shut up, Father!\u8221\'94 Rebekah screamed. Everyone jumped with surprise. Tyros put his hand over his mouth in shock as half the people in the room were slack-jawed. \line \u8220\'93You never trusted me!\u8221\'94 she exclaimed. \u8220\'93This is complete made up propaganda these two are spreading! I haven\u8217\'92t spoken to my sister in ages! She wouldn\u8217\'92t believe anything I said anyway!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Is it true that the Kwans are building a weapon?\u8221\'94 Amaga asked Rebekah interrogatively.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah threw her hands up in frustration. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93How the hell am I supposed to know!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93We have good evidence that they are,\u8221\'94 Amaga said. \u8220\'93My brother hacked into their workforce records and found a ton of evidence that they were building }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 something}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 . Can you tell us about that?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert liked this. Now everybody was onto Rebekah. It just made too much sense }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 not}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  to think she was a suspect and he was glad the rest of the people in the boardroom were seeing things his way.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You people are pathetic,\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93You know I know nothing about anything they\u8217\'92re doing!\u8221\'94 She then turned to Quelatune. \u8220\'93Speak up, Father! You appointed me for a reason! Tell them how loyal I am!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune sighed and rubbed his temples. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, I believe you. I do,\u8221\'94 he said quietly. Robert sensed that he didn\u8217\'92t believe her though.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93But it\u8217\'92s pretty obvious we have a mole,\u8221\'94 he said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And of course, it just has to be me!\u8221\'94 Rebekah said. \u8220\'93How convenient! Because I\u8217\'92m a Kwan, right!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not what I said, Rebekah,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93So what now then, huh?\u8221\'94 she asked.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Quelatune paused for a moment, then said, \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, I\u8217\'92m afraid, and I stress that it\u8217\'92s only temporary, you will be relieved of your duties as Head Counselor for the time being.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Everyone in the room reacted with quiet shock. Horror and dismay flashed across Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s face.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Father, no,\u8221\'94 she pleaded.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Rebekah, I want to make it clear that this is only temporary until we get to the bottom of this.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s not fair! I didn\u8217\'92t do anything!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m not saying you did, but I have to do this\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93We\u8217\'92ll find a new position for you. Your pay grade will be the exact same as what it is now. I\u8217\'92m only doing this because unfortunately, most people in here are suspicious, so I have to do }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 something}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah looked at Robert. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93This is all your fault.\u8221\'94 She then looked at Tiffany. \u8220\'93And I knew I should have trusted my very first instinct about you, you self-serving wretch. You have done nothing but cause trouble and division since you stepped foot on this planet. Bringing you here was a huge mistake.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Tiffany looked away.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You sure as hell sound guilty to me,\u8221\'94 Robert said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93That\u8217\'92s enough,\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. He then referred to Tiffany, \u8220\'93Tiffany, in the meantime, I would like for you to be Head Counselor. You\u8217\'92re a citizen now so I am able to appoint you.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s eyes widened. \u8220\'93Wh, what!? This is an outrage! Tiffany has no experience!\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93And neither did you when I appointed }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 you}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0 .\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94 Quelatune said. \u8220\'93Like I said, Rebekah, I will still pay you what you are being paid now. You\u8217\'92re not in trouble. But if the Council sees that I\u8217\'92ve done this, they are less likely to take matters into their own hands and try to out you to the public for being a Kwan. I\u8217\'92m doing this for your own good.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Rebekah got up from her seat and started to head out of the room. \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Excuse me.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 The door slammed behind her. Everyone was still quiet.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I\u8217\'92m really sorry about all this, Father,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93You have nothing to be sorry about. You\u8217\'92re Head Counselor now. Don\u8217\'92t worry about being ill-prepared. There\u8217\'92s not much going on right now outside of trying to rebuild two floors of the Temple. Somebody has to be in position to fill the role.\u8221\'94}}