{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPSMT;}{\f1\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq2 CourierNewPS-ItalicMT;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\fet2\ftnbj\aenddoc
\pgnrestart\pgnstarts0
\pard\plain \fi360\ltrch\loch {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93I trusted her,\u8221\'94 Tiffany said with quiet contempt while sitting in her hotel bed, hair tied, wearing pajama shorts and a Washington Redskins jersey.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Let\u8217\'92s not jump to conclusions, Tiff,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93You told }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 me}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  not to do that last time, remember?\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Nobody knew about the }{\f1\fs24\b0\i1 Kaoli Man}{\f0\fs24\b0\i0  except for the Council, Bob! Word never got out. It sure as hell wouldn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t have gotten out to the Kwans. There\u8217\'92s no question there\u8217\'92s a mole. She\u8217\'92s a Kwan! She\u8217\'92s freaking Riptide\u8217\'92s older sister, for crying out loud! Who else could it be!?\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Robert thought back to Rebekah\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92s baby boy, Skyler, and how precious he was. He felt more of a need to give Rebekah the benefit of the doubt this time than he did before.}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Maybe we need to talk to Amaga, Smoke or Father Quelatune first,\u8221\'94 Robert said. \u8220\'93Maybe they know something we don\u8217\'92t.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 \loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8220\'93Bob, nobody is here but us. You don\u8217\'92t have to pretend you don\u8217\'92t find this compelling.\u8221\'94}
\par\plain {\f0\fs24\b0\i0 Deep down, Robert knew something wasn\loch\af0\hich\af0\dbch\af0\uc1\u8217\'92t right. The more he thought about how this was all pointing to Rebekah and the loyalty she might still have to the Kwans and her sister, the more he became suspicious. This was especially the case if his theory had any weight to it in that Rebekah was trying to prevent herself from being executed just in case the Rulose lost this war by showing loyalty to the Kwans through treacherous actions. }}